What's the coolest way to waste $1000?
If actors did AMAs as their character, who would you want to do one?
Reddit, what movie helped you through a rough time?
You can legally own 5m² in any location you want,where would that place be and what would you do with it?
What is something you are OK to pay extra for?
What is the worst sentence to add "I think" at the end of it?
How do you make a cat like you again after you accidentally stepped on his foot?
Hey, Reddit. What are some must-haves for living alone?
[Serious]Reddit, what movie helped you through a rough time?
What is something you thought would be really sexy in bed, but wasn't? NSFW
What's the most fucked up thing you've ever done for money?
what was the most shocking thing you heard the 'quiet kid' say?
What kind of bullshit did your school pull?
Besides the government, what is something that some people put 100% trust into while others put 0% trust into?
What's the stupidest thing that you intentionally purchased?
If the U.S. was a party, what type of party guest would each state be?
What's the best porn plot you've seen?
Redditors who are essay scorers for standardized tests, what is the most ridiculous essay that you have ever graded?
Who are some "One-Hit Wonders" in fields other than music?
Which subreddit deserves more recognition?
What useless thing are you quite knowledgeable about?
[Serious]Redditors who've had loved ones mysteriously disappear... what was it like? How has it affected your life, your relationships, your worldview?
The U.S. Government now wants you dead. How do you survive?
What are some of your favorite video game quotes?
What first names do you associate with a certain personality or type of person?
What is one subreddit you just do not fuck with?
What is your greatest achievement on Reddit?
You are being pursued by a deadly monster only you can see that walks precisely to your location at 3 MPH. It can't be harmed, slowed down or stopped. How do you survive the rest of your life?
What is a sensation that you can't stand, even though it's not painful?
Redditors who won a "hang out with a celebrity" contest, how was it?
What is the most interesting but entirely useless fact you know?
[Serious] Closeted LGBTAQ redditors; why are you still in the closet?
What's that one picture you've had saved on your computer for ages but never had the right context to post it?
You're about to crash your fighter jet into the Mother ship of the alien army to save the world. What are your last words on comms?
What single item of clothing is most recognisable from films?
What is the best space movie you have ever seen?
What music albums actually tell a story?
What commonly accepted fact or idea do you believe to be completely untrue?
Reddit, what's on your keychain?
What is a recent purchase you have made that you regret not having done sooner?
What's the best thing you can add to ramen noodles?
'REDDIT' is now an acronym. What does it stand for?
What makes you think you could make it as a criminal mastermind?
What makes you irrationally angry?
In 100 years, what will humanity look back at as our biggest mistake of the milennia?
A-holes of Reddit, what is the most annoying way to repay a debt?
What is a food that you used to like/love, but can never eat again due to an upset stomach incident?
What was your most horrifying moment at school?
You get to design a second Mount Rushmore, who goes on it?
What is the saddest children's movie?
What's the saddest fact you know?
Redditors who didn't go to their high school prom, what did you do that night?
What sounds better typed than said?
What would happen if all of the world's wealth was divided equally among all humans?
You wake up as your 9 year old self. What do you do differently?
If Batman had reddit, what would his favourite subreddit be?
What punishment would sound awesome but would actually turn out to be a living Hell?
What is some outdated tech that is still worth buying?
What's the biggest asshole thing to do at a concert?
What actor will always be "THAT" character no matter what?
If you could change one thing about Reddit, what would it be?
What song has a better cover than the original?
Non-Christians of Reddit, How do you view the average "normal" Christian?
Found a safe in the basement of a very old church...Help us open it?
What is the worst part of Reddit?
What solution to overpopulation is most likely to occur?
What is the worst flavor of Ice cream?
What do YOU want to accomplish in this lifetime? [Serious]
What do you think is the most useless class in high school?
If you could chose your final words before dying what would they be?
Hello Reddit can you tell me something clumsy/embarrassing you've done lately?
Redditors who have killed somebody (On purpose or accidentally) what happened and how has it affected you?
What's a nostalgic smell for you and what does it remind you of?
What trade/skill do you have that will be the most useful in a post-apocalyptic world?
What comes next after gay rights?
Men of reddit, if you had a two foot long penis, what nonsexual thing would you do with it? [NSFW]
Reddit! You're now in charge of creating a full length film! What is the plot and who are/is the main actor/actress?
What is your favourite summetime activity?
What's the worst/best experience you've had at a movie theater?
in 10 words or less why are you awesome?
If the devil invited you to his birthday party, what would you get him as a gift?
What has been the worst decision you have made in the past 24 hours?
You now have Midas's curse (everything you touch turns to gold). How do you live with it?
Reddit, what was the last picture you took on your phone? Link to it if your up for the challenge
What's your favourite conversation ice-breaker?
[NSFW] What gives you the weirdest boner?
How could you spend a million pounds/ dollers in one week without having anything to show for it?
What crazy theory do you have about where Game of War's advertising budget comes from?
What still makes you laugh no matter how many times you see it?
What's the best free way to make someone's day today?
What's the best thing to take on a road trip for under $25?
What's your favorite joke to tell?
Great Chefs of Reddit, what are you favorite at home snack foods?
If you would have to kill your own meat, would you become vegetarian?
Reddit, what are you in the top 1% of?
If the internet suddenly went away without notice what would be the biggest change in your life?
College Redditors, what makes a great college care package?
What do you regret the most in your life?
What is the dumbest thing you've ever done?
And on the 7th day God rested, but then God realized that he forgot... what?
What (aside from the pay check) keeps you going to work every day?
[Serious] Redditors who've beaten anxiety/depression without medication, how did you do it?
What's your biggest regret?
Are there any cover songs you like more than the original? Post link(s) if possible.
Women of reddit, what are the parts of the male body that attract you most?
What have you been looking for, but can not find?
What other websites do you frequent besides Reddit?
Redditors, what law would you pass to make the world a better place if you were a politician? Serious responses only.
If fruits were alive, which one would you have as a pet?
If you were stuck watching the same movie over and over, what would it be?
What thought pops into your head most often?
Reddit, what is a fun game to play to pass the time with friends?
Europeans, what are the strangest American pronunciations you've heard?
[Serious] Do you think reddit is racist?
Woman of reddit, what is the best complement you've ever gotten that just made you melt?
Is it okay if a teacher says "I don't know" to their students?
If you were to be a master at one single thing, what would it be?
What is the most toxic sub reddit on reddit in your opinion?
What is your favourite thing in the world?
If we were to become roommates, what would I need to know about you?
Reddit, what's the greatest film of all time? Other Redditors, why isn't it?
Reddit what English words have lost or are losing their original meaning by being overused?
What is the most unsafe thing you have done at work?
What is the best way to save money for the future?
[NSFW] What are some of your most embarrassing one night stand stories?
What stereotypes about your country are actually correct?
What angers you for no good reason?
If you could be any fish which fish would you be and why?
Hey Reddit, what's the most unChristian thing that's happened at your church? Affairs? Theft? Just curious...
What's something you can say proudly to your friends, but shamefully to your parents?
Religious redditors: Why do you choose to follow your religion over the 4200 others?
If the US government was overthrown, what type of government would replace it?
If given the chance, would you relive highschool? If so, which years?
If you could have one super power what would it be? The only drawback is that if anyone figures out you have a super power you die.
Which movie character would literally be ruined if they are replaced by any other actor/actress?
What was your most uncomfortable dream?
What TV show was great in its prime or showed promise, but became worse as seasons progressed?
The girl I like just rejected me and I'm feeling really down about it. My friends are asleep, so I turn to you Redditors: what advice has helped you get over rejection (or breakups)?
Who has the most awesome name?
Blind people of reddit, do you enjoy going to movies? How is the experience different before someone explains the context of the scenes?
IF the U.S. government announced today that there will be a public vote to kick out a state and make the U.S. 49 states, which state would you vote to kick out and why?
Reddit, what is something you're very elitist about?
Who is the most badass but still 'real' character in any TV series?
What is a question that everyone knows the answer to but will never answer if you ask them?
What was your stand out moment from the weekend? It can be funny or just what you enjoyed
What social conventions do you just flat out refuse to acknowledge?
Reddit, what kind of car do you drive, next poster, what does that say about OP?
Reddit, what's one scent that many people cannot stand but you absolutely love?
If you were a household item, what would you be?
What happened with Kony 2012?
Reddit, what's so bad about Monday?
Even for $10,000, what is a T-Shirt would NEVER wear?
Dear Reddit, if someone (not me) were to acquire several lemons, what should he/she do with them?
When was a time you failed to notice a warning sign?
What is the smartest thing you've ever seen an animal do?
Shift workers of Reddit who work longer hours but fewer days than other people, what do you do on your days off?
Hello Redditors in relationship. What is the silliest thing you have fought over with your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Funny, stupid, thought-provoking, inspiring or confusing...what's your favourite picture?
If you could pick one celebrity to spend the night with, who would it be ? And what would you to do them?
What angers you the most when it comes to your daily life?
Attractive people of Reddit, what free stuff have you gotten because of your looks?
What forgotten video game would you want to see rebooted for a modern take?
What one scientific/technological advance do you want to live to see?
Redditors who have cheated on a partner before, do you have a reasonable explanation for doing so?
Reddit, what is something that you don't want to admit to yourself?
What is the worst place to raise a child?
What are your favorite small subreddits?
What are some fun browser based RPGs?
Has anyone ever turned down a promotion? why?
What's something you simply found impossible to explain to a computer-illiterate friend or relative?
What would be your dream job and why?
What's the worst purchase you've ever made?
What's the meaning of life?
What's something people could be making at home rather than buying that they may not be aware of?
What is your favorite simple pleasure?
[Serious]How do you spend your weekends?
What single phrase do you most regret saying?
Aside from leading questions and it's current interim CEO, what do you hate most about Reddit?
What is a secret menu item from a fast food chain I MUST know about?!
Would Life be Easier if you were Extremely Intelligent, or Extremely Attractive?
What was the moment which made you completely different person?
Redditors who used a throwaway to post anonymously and were caught, what's your story?
What is your favorite threat?
Do you ever feel left out or excluded by your friends?
What's something you love but don't want to be associated with?
What will you never grow out of?
What's the worst legitimate reason you've ever been late to/ missed an event?
What's something that will make me happy?
[Serious] What is the best physical sensation in the world that does not pertain or relate to sex, drugs, or defecation?
[SERIOUS] People who have had an arranged marriage, how did it work out? Was it successful?
For those of you who have tried illicit drugs, what is the best drug you've ever tried?
If someone moved in across the street from you that you knew to be on the sex offenders list for sexual offences against minors, would you warn his neighbours (who have kids)?
If your home state could be represented by one movie title, which one would it be?
What movies are essential for a sleepover ?
People who don't flush the toilet in public restrooms, what happened in your life that made you want to inconvenience people with your stewing fecal matter?
What is the best story you can make or have heard in 4 sentences or less?
What do you do to calm down when you are REALLY pissed off?
[Serious] Reddit, what does it feel like to 'settle' for somebody?
What are some tips and tricks to survive the day, after an all nighter?
If you could have your own custom Oreos, what would the cookie and filling be? And why?
What do you want for your next birthday?
Is anything truly original?
What is the best question you've ever been asked?
What is the most annoying saying that young people use today?
[NSFW] What is something creative you do in the bedroom from time to time to change the routine?
People of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've heard said out in public?
What's the worst thing you have done that you don't regret?
What sick act, although completely victimless, gives you secret pleasure?
What is the biggest issue that your nation, as a whole, is facing right now?
Australians of Reddit, what is the secret to the best Aussie barbeque?
Reddit, what do you do when you are sad?
[Serious] Redditors who declared bankruptcy, what is your story and how did you move forward after?
If you named your reproductive organ after a major historical event, what would you call it? [NSFW]
What's the worst thing you've had in your mouth?
Uh, What's with all the Paul Blart references today?
What was mom right about all along?
What's a belief that's so ubiquitously wrong, yet there's really no concrete argument against it?
What video game boss fight will remain engraved in your mind forever?
What is the manliest name you could name a boy?
What alcoholic beverages do you consume if you are going to ______?
Reddit, what is one song you really like but is not very well known/famous?
Reddit, what is your biggest regret?
[Serious] How much progress have we made for software that understands semantics?
Men and Women of reddit, have you ever BEEN the "crazy ex" or HAD one? What happened?
What are some "unusual" things your parents restricted you from doing as a kid?
[Serious]How did you deal with finding out your family didn't really care about you?
Can animals have pets?
Janitors of Reddit, what is the most fucked up thing you've seen in a bathroom?
Hey Reddit, how was the first year like when you got your license and every year since?
You die and go to hell, you are told to choose one activity that you have to do for eternity. what do you pick?
What's the worst case of adults bullying children you've ever seen?
I heard "Its Still Rock and Roll to me" this morning and was wondering how far a speaker cone travels in its lifetime, or if you do indeed get more miles from a cheap pair of sneakers?
What is that one thing, everyone on planet earth could relate to?
Reddit, what is the creepiest/most akward pick-up line or comment someone has made as an advance towards you?
Promiscious redditors, do you find it difficult to be in a long term commitment?
What is a quote from a video game that stands out to you?
What is the obsession with famous peoples lives?
Which slick advertising convinced you to buy something that you later regretted spending money on?
What is the worst thing that has happened while going "down town" on your SO?
People that work in Hospitality/are constantly upbeat and positive, what's your secret?
What was the stupidest lie you told your parents and got away with as a kid?
What's the coolest way to waste $100?
What do you think keeps President Obama up at night?
Guiness World Records approaches you to create a new record. In what would you hold a record?
Have you ever had any unusual/funny/weird experiences while traveling alone in a car ?
Redditors, what's *that* memorable quote of yours that you friends will never let you forget, and what is its story?
What rpg game offers the best experience?
After a shower, in what order do you dry yourself? Head-first? Legs-first? Random?
Ok Reddit, What is the funniest video that had made you cry laughing?
What're some stupidest pick-up lines that actually worked on/for you?
What's the worst "compliment" you've been given?
What is something you have tried once but will never try again?
Reddit, what's a great sub most people don't know about?
What is a good hobby to replace video games with?
[Serious] What are racist things that are subtly placed in our society that people don't seem to get offended by?
How did you get your nickname?
Reddit, what's the truest stereotype you know?
People under 30 that make more than $100k/year, what did you do to get there?
Non-American black people of reddit, have you ever encountered black Americans or visited America and witnessed black culture? If so, what are your thoughts?
People who watched The exorcist back in 1973, did people really react so shocked that some of them actually passed out or is it too dramatized? What's your reaction story?
What is the worst natural disaster you have ever personally been a part of?
Couples of reddit what are the most amazing sex facts you have discovered with your SO?
What do you think Heaven will be like for you?
What are some genius ways to use the State Farm song?
Reddit members, are you in a band? If so, what are you called and what genre do you play?
Today my friend said to another friend "you're so gay that you don't even know what a dick is". What are the stupidest insults you've ever heard?
If I was asked do a talk for 10 minutes in front of an audience aged between 18-70, what topic would keep every person engaged?
Reddit, what are some times an argument has actually caused someone to change their mind?
How do you have fun without drugs or alcohol?
When did you last change a deeply held belief?
What kind of car do you own?
What's the tl;dr of your life(so far)?
What Reddit circlejerk do you hate the most?
[NSFW]What was your "is not what it looks like" scenario?
[Serious] What would you change about yourself if you could?
Tinderers of Reddit, what is the most irritating type of profile you come across?
Yesterday was Chernobyl's anniversary. What other major catastrophes should we remember?
Most frequent song played?
You are informed by a higher power that the world will end in an hour but no one else knows. What would you do?
What does your city/country do better than anywhere else in the world?
Thieves of Reddit: What do you steal, and how do you get away with it?
Why hasn't science gotten rid of Mosquitos yet?
How has someone saved your life? [Serious]
What's the most you've ever spent to make somebody's day?
What stereotypes do you think are actually true?
What punishment did you receive that actually worked and taught you a lesson?
Reddit, what is something every 20 year old should know how to do?
Redditors in the Czech Republic, please can you tell me roughly what the toll cost will be for me if I drive through your country for 2 days? More details in the text box.
People who don't reset the time on common area microwaves, what happened in your life that made you want to inconvenience people with your stewing flashing numbers?
You have just declared independence of your own country, how are you running it?
Reddit, what is your opinion on the Roomba?
What food will you never eat again and why?
[Serious]If everyone is so annoyed at the people who run the government, why cant we find someone to run that sets up a Kickstarter so they are funded by the people and not big corporations?
Redditors 30 and over what do you regret or wish you had done more of in your 20s?
[Serious] Reddit, what would you say here that you would never say in real life?
If you could ask someone one question and they had to answer it honestly, what would you ask and why?
What is the saddest thing you've ever done?
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken, and what were the results?
Reddit, what are you the bottom 1% of?
What movie always makes you cry, but isn't a typical tear jerker?
Reddit, what's your guilty pleasure that would probably get you fired from your job?
[Serious] redditors, what's a core belief that you have about the world? Commenters, can you give a valid challenge to that belief?
If you had to name a porn movie, what name would you choose?
Crime game, What would be some cool things that could be implemented into it?
Reddit, what are you famous for?
You wake up as the main character of the last movie you watched, in their reality. How fucked are you now?
[Serious] Asexuals of reddit, is life still good without sex? What gets you excited?
What is Satan's last name?
What does the opposite sex do that really turns you on?
Reddit what would you say here that you would never say in real life?
You are now a birthday clown. How do you scar the children?
What are you glad doesn't have vocal chords?
Redditors who have carved your initials into a public surface (tables, desks, walls, trees, etc.), why?
Anything is possible to obtain in this world, what do you want the most?
What is one piece of advice you would give to a college freshman?
What did you do to recover when you hit rock bottom?
What is your favourite made up word used to describe a sound?
What's the biggest thing that sets you apart from "normal people"? [NSFW]
What cool feature makes your favorite bar the best bar you've ever been to?
Whats the worst things about being your gender?
How do you know if someone is a true friend?
You become a makeshift superhero from a random product you use a lot. Who are you and what can you do?
What is your favorite podcast theme song?
People who can bring their dog/cat to work, where do you work?
Corporate employees of Reddit, what inappropriate object do you keep in your desk drawer?
What were the most tense 5-10 minutes of your life up to this point?
How to balance social and academic life at university?
What politically incorrect things do you believe?
What is the coolest thing you have bought online?
Reddit, what video game helped you through a hard time?
for one day you transform into the opposite sex version of yourself. What do you do?
What's the worst person you've ever had to sit next to?
What lies have you told people that made them think you are cool ?
Which historical fact would seem unbelievably contrived if it were to appear in a fictitious work?
Reddit, what's the coolest way to waste $10?
Favorite Tom Cruise Movie?
[Serious] Do you believe in a personal destiny?
What did you think would be awesome, but then it actually sucked?
Window cleaners of reddit, what is the strangest/most messed up thing you have seen whole working?
Volunteers of Reddit, what was your best and worst experience while volunteering?
People of Reddit, what is one simple thing that someone does for you, but means a lot to you?
Which Sport BEST prepares you for Medieval combat?
StarBizzare: In your opinion, Which music, movie or TV star has the most strange fetish (allegedly) that you imagine is true?
You wake up and it's 500 years ago. What skills/knowledge do you have now that will make you extremely successful?
Shy redditors, what opportunities did you miss because of your shyness?
What is the best use of a household object that isn't its original purpose?
What's an interesting/fun business I could set up for £1000 that would make a reasonable top-up income?
Redditors who have run away fr the law, how'd it go? How's life now?
What was your "I really need to start acting my age" moment?
What's your favorite thing about "This is Spinal Tap"?
What is something the youth should be doing that has many long-term benefits?
If Paul Walker had survived albeit disfigured beyond recognition, how do you think Hollywood would have reacted?
Young people of Reddit: What's something you understand that completely confuses your parents?
What animal do you think we evolved from?
if your parents divorce, and your dad has been a negative influence/ bad guy do you change your surname?
Reddit, what is the background on your phone right now?
You wake up from a 5-year coma. What is the first question that you ask?
What celebrity were you glad to see steadily rise to stardom?
Reddit, what word in your language (excluding expletives or racial epithets) do you hate, and why?
If there was a University where the curriculum was based off of stuff found on Reddit, what would be the most popular major?
[Serious] Redditors in fantastic and healthy relationships, what do you do that makes it work so well? Redditors in less than satisfactory relationships, what would you do differently to make it better?
What song do you think sounds like heroin would feel like?
Reddit, what tips do you have for keeping your computer/laptop running at peak performance?
Reddit, what's the most ridiculous thing for which someone has told you "You're going to Hell"?
How can you give me a little cheer?
What company slogan would make the best combination if they started making condoms?
What's the coolest way to waste $1?
Fellow survivors, what do you live for?
Adults of Reddit, do you watch cartoons? If so, do other people know?
If famous people were known for an ability relating to their last name what would it be?
Reddit, are there really secret nightclubs catering to the uber elite that commoners like myself will likely never hear about, let alone visit?
[Serious] Redditors with multiple body piercings, what made you get them? Got any neat stories that go along with them?
[Serious] What would you consider your most significant life experience?
What are some everyday problems people have now a days?
Reddit, what one thing under $100 would you recommend everyone who reads this go out and buy right now?
[Serious]What is the point of receiving psychological therapy? (Please read full question)
Whats the least important thing you've gotten angry or upset about?
What did America used to do best?
Reddit, what are jobs that are going to thrive in the future and what should we train for? Obviously a lot of the current jobs are being replaced by machines so what should the focus be on?
What is the creepiest unknown creature that haunts your region?
Reddit, when did you realize you were THAT person nobody liked?
What will our "Back when I was your age, I had to..." statements be to kids in 50 years?
Do people today in 2015 look physically no different than people 200 years ago?
Whats the worst way someone tried attracting attention to themselves in public?
What's one thing you want to yell at someone in anger, but withhold because you'd regret it?
What is the worst flavor of ice cream?
Reddit, if I went back in time and prevented your conception, how would the world be different?
Homosexuals of reddit, what triggers your "gaydar"?
Who is someone you respect but completely disagree with?
What happens if a person dies on a flight, and the nearest airport is a few hours away?
What advice should you never go to reddit for?
Reddit, what unusual thing gives you the sense of being 'home'?
What is the strangest job you've ever had?
what kind of person do you look down on?
What is the bigger picture in a movie or book that I totally missed? [Serious]
Fine people of Reddit, have you seen a company (sneakily or not) try to push a product on Reddit? [Serious]
What stupid yet useful Infomercial product you can come up with? What would the commercial for it sound like?
Reddit, when is the best time to visit your country?
What were you most scared of as a child?
Post Office/mail workers, what do your customers not know?
What's the craziest dream you've ever had, that ended with you dying?
What is the best way to get new friends?
What's the most inspiring act you've done or seen someone do?
What was the best Freudian slip or misspeak you've witnessed?
Car dealers of Reddit, people talk about getting screwed by car dealers, but what if someone screws the dealer with a trade-in - for example, if something undisclosed is not found but is a real problem with the car traded in?
For those out of high school, what is the cool guy/girl from your high school doing now?
What bothers you far more than it should?
Like in the movie The Matrix. If you could download only one skill/knowledge. What would it be?
What was your first job?
Angry redittors, what's the most violent stupid thing you've done ?
What username is the most "reddit famous"?
What not so well known atrocities need more attention in the history books?
What do you guys do when alone in an elevator?
Which great movies/TV series/games you just can't finish?
If you were asked to only play one game for 50 years which would it be ?
What is the least bought item at your nearest grocery store?
What is the very first thing you remember putting in your ass?
[Serious] How To Become A Good College Student?
Retail workers of reddit, what is the craziest thing you have seen a customer do?
What opportunity did you miss in your childhood, that still bothers you?
What is the most hypocritical thing you've seen in a religious setting?
Sleepwalkers of Reddit, what's the funniest, weirdest, or scariest experience you've had?
Reddit, what was the worst idea you've ever had?
What hobby did you really love but got fed up with and why ?
Reddit, how do you like your eggs?
Which Apocalypse gives humanity the best odds at survival?
What is your dream job?
What is the best advice that you would give to someone who's gonna have a job interview?
Reddit, what is love exactly?
What TV character has the most sexual partners over the course of the series? And if you break it down to new partners per week (ish, because TV time estimates) which one is banging new people at the highest rate?
What song would you recommend if someone wanted to get into your favorite band or artist?
Which subreddit is easiest to get karma from?
Are there any good quotes about humans being the real monsters?
What is a clever thing to say when you open your laptop in a crowded lecture hall and porn audio starts playing?
What is your wage? Is it enough to live on for you?
What are you good at, but hate doing?
What was your most bizarre dream that you remember?
Uber Drivers of Reddit, what are some of the craziest/funniest/scarriest things you've ever experienced on a trip?
When did you move in with your SO?
What's your favorite song that builds up/gets more emotional as the song goes on?
[Serious] What movie has made you cry?
What's the best name to mix together with 'bro'?
Based on this kind on interests, what would be a master degree topic in education would you suggest?
When you were a kid, what is something that you thought you would do all the time as an adult?
What is the best example you've ever seen of "Work smarter, not harder"?
Redditors in open marriages: how did you start those discussions? What was the convincing argument?
[serious] women of reddit, how do YOU respond to a dick pic?
What is the most morally questionable thing you have ever done that you don't regret?
What is your least favorite thing about the opposite sex?
Have you ever accidentally fallen into your craziest sexual fantasy? If so, what was it? NSFW
Scottish people of Reddit, what do you think of the Scottish National Party?
What's something about your family you wish you could change?
why is it "wrong" for a right-handed person to wear their watch on the right hand? does anyone here do this?
What is something that everyone hates, but noone knows why?
[Serious]Gay redditors who have been in love with straight people, how did you deal with it and how did it pan out?
What are the logical steps to take after winning a $50m lottery?
Who are two people in history, dead or alive, that would not get along so well?
What's your realistic dream car?
[Serious] Thoughtcrimes exist, what are you convicted of?
Gooooooood Mornin' Reddit. What song or playlist, helps you kick Monday's arse?
[Serious] If you placed a valuable possession in an unstable position (where it could be damaged if it was unintentionally moved) and someone were to accidentally break it, who should take responsibility for the damages?
Yeah it's just a song, but which lyrics make you cross?
With technology advancing in new ways to share ones life through social media, what will privacy mean to future generations to come, if it means anything at all?
What have you just discovered you have been missing out on all your life?
What are some things that when they happen make you think "that would be typical"?
Redditors who use Tinder, what's your best Tinder meet up story?
Reddit, what is the best way to stop procrastinating and focus?
"No, really, _____?" What question once repeated goes from mostly innocent to inappropriate/creepy/etc?
Where do you hide/launder your money?
Reddit, What was the longest time you stared at something, what was it and why?
[Serious]What is a product or service that you loved but went away?
What question will make you nervous ?
As an anxious person, what are the pros and cons of saying a sentence in my head before I say it?
What is the best tongue-twister that you know?
Why do people clap when they laugh really hard?
Is there a name for the spontaneous assembly of redditors showing up in one thread and being uniformly sarcastic?
How do you make money on the side?
What are your best and/or worst experiences with your siblings?
What celebrities are MORE well known in countries other than the ones they are originally from?
If you were any animal, what would you be, and why?
What's a made up word or expression from a book/movie/tv show that you'd like people started using in regular speach?
Why do you participate in extreme sports?
[Serious]People of reddit what is the biggest problem you are facing right now? Others who have had that problem before respond with how you solved it.
What is the worst thing you've given up sex for? (that sounded like a good idea at that time)
Veterinarians, has someone ever come to you for medical care to avoid "the authorities"? What happened?
What have ypu experienced that you feel can't just be explained away by normal means?
[Serious] Is there another way to have a package privately delivered besides a P.O. Box?
What would happen if a giant earthquake happened in your country?
What's your go-to type of porn?
If reincarnation is real, what are you coming back as based on your personality and decisions?
What is the best crowd at any musical event you have either attended or seen on YouTube?
What's the best riddle you know?
Gamers of Reddit, what game do you think is a masterpiece of art?
What do you think would be the worst time and place in history to live?
What's the best way to tell your best friend that you love her?
Reddit, what is something people assume about you that couldn't be more wrong?
[Serious] Hey Reddit, where do you find helpful people to fill in survey?
What makes YOU unique?
What is an insult that you have had in your head for a while, but haven't been able to use yet?
Firefighters of reddit, what are your stories ? {serious}
Reddit, what are your go-to songs or artists when you are deep in study mode?
How do you live for 2 months with 60$ in your wallet and no incoming source of money?
What would humanity be like if all of the hair on our body had nerves in it?
What is something a lot of people claim to be a scam that in reality isn't really a scam?
What dead subreddit would you like to revive?
What is your favorite 'flirting' lyric?
What are your go-to websites for when you're bored at work?
What the strangest thing you have heard some one say ?
What music piece from any movie/series/game make you feel really nostalgic?
If you could create you're own holiday, what would you name it and what would it involve?
How have you personally been affected by climate change?
How do you save money online?
Most awkward thing you have said to your mom or dad?
What have you learned from reading AskReddit?
What is literally unbelievable?
What did you love and grow up with as a child but hate now?
Vegas Bartenders: How much do you make?
What's something at your job that your customers frequently complain being strange/stupid/weird/etc. about how you work, but there's a sensible reasoning for it?
What's a simple question you wouldn't be able to answer?
Reddit, how many of you are an only child?
What fads will people be cringing over in 10 years?
What scientific or technological advancement/innovation do you hope to see take place within your lifetime?
I have to stay in a hotel most of the week, but I find it gets lonely and boring quick. What's your tip for making hotel stays more fun? What would you recommend taking?
[Serious] What are some real entry-level jobs that have real growth potential and pay enough to live on?
What's an answer that would not make you look bad when asked any question?
What non comedic actor or actress would be great in a comedy?
[Serious] Reddit, you can replace one person of your family with anyone! Who would it be and why?
What's the one thing you WOULDN'T do for $1,000,000 (£,€,¥ what ever you use)?
People of Reddit, what is love?
What Would Your Life Be Like If You Were Born 100 Years Ago?
How would it influence your day if websites signed off at a certain time, similar to how TV channels used to sign off at midnight?
What is the meanest thing a Canadian has ever done?
Cashiers of Reddit, what has been the most awkward encounter/thing said while ringing up a person in line?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the best game where you can basically just do whatever you want?
What is the largest amount of money you've collected by just saving your spare change?
What would be the most embarrassing thing to be caught stealing?
[Serious] Why did you cut contact with your family?
Reddit, what's your favorite and least favorite smell?
What song is most drastically improved by watching its music video?
What's the most inconvenient thing about your body?
What lesson have you learned from Reddit?
Gamers of reddit, what songs/albums/playlists do you listen to while gaming?
What was your dream job as a child? What is it now?
Have you ever sponsored a friend to help raise money for charity and they've ended up dying or critically ill from taking part in the event?
What needs to change in your workplace?
[NSFW] What's the best explanation you can come up with to explain to your kid that Mommy and Daddy weren't just getting it on in the bedroom?
[Serious]Military personnel/police officers of reddit, how have you coped with the people you may have caused the death of?
Reddit, what's the worst excuse you've heard a coworker use to successfully get out of work?
Do you think your time on reddit has made you more intelligent, or dulled you? Why?
[Serious] suppose you woke up in a parallel reality where everything was different because you won the lottery 10 years ago. Would being rich make up for having lost 10 years of your life?
Reddit, what is your shitty coworker story?
What would be the lamest use of an awesome superpower or psychic ability?
What is your 'I always wanted say that' phrase?
What YouTube videos/channels are good to watch while lunching?
Highschool teachers of Reddit, what goes through your mind when you are at a school dance?
What will the world be like in 100 years?
[Serious] Former professional athletes/actors/musicians of Reddit who have made the transition to “traditional” jobs, what’s it like and how/why did it happen?
Do any of you redditors write fan-fics or draw fan-art and what was it based on?
What is the most puzzling riddle you've ever heard?
In 50 words or less, why do you deserve gold?
What's your favorite music video of all time?
If you could take back only one regret in your life, what would it be?
Ladies, what is your favorite leather wallet?
Roadies and back stage concert crews of reddit, what is the most awesome or crazy story you have about a big name band?
Anyone who has ever been in class with a famous college athlete, what are they like in class?
What is your excuse as why you are you late to the party?
Dads of reddit, what are you getting your wives for Mothers Day?
[Serious] Reddit, what do you do to positively influence the world?
Who's got ideas for a seven year old's spider-man themed birthday party?
What are some major events that made Reddit infamous and famous throughout the internet today?
What's the most awe inspiring description of something really mundane you can come up with?
How many other reddit accounts do you have and why?
How can you tell if someone is lying?
What sounds do other languages other than english use that you just cannot make?
[Serious] Will humans ever figure out fighting extinction &gt; fighting each other, before it is too late?
Which two subreddits are you probably the only mutual subscriber?
What's the best way to get your roommate to leave the dorm without being straight forward while a girl is over?
Redditors, I want to know what people compliment you on most frequently. What is your most defining feature?
How is Earth and our universe like a fantasy world?
[Serious] Reddit, did you pick your major/job based on the money, or because it was actually what you loved doing? In the end was it the right decision?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what is your most stereotypical definition of the "American"?
Would you fund an organization that gifts firearms and Concealed Handgun Classes to people in areas of high police abuse?
[Serious] People who gave their children the same first name as them, why?
What's the most creative way someone could be killed by a banana?
What obscure superhero do you think could carry a movie franchise?
If Reddit is the front page, what is the last page of the Internet?
Money is no object. What do you order on your pizza?
What's the weirdest thing you have witnessed as an American tourist in another country?
[Serious]How does a non-dancer dance at a wedding and have fun?
Dollar Store Shoppers: What things do find at the Dollar Store that now seem ridiculously overpriced at regular big box stores?
What would be the most inappropriate event for a company to sponsor, given their slogan or catchphrase?
[Serious] Redditors of any ethnicity and nationality, have you encountered people of your ethnicity who came from different country and witnessed their culture (Example: Irish from Ireland with Irish from USA)? If so, what are your thoughts?
Is sex the only activity/service/product that goes against the Law of Diminishing Marginal Utility?
People of Reddit, how do you become friends with people, when you're socially awkward and avoid contact with people?
Has anyone experienced this 'Global Awakening'?
What was the craziest thing you weren't meant to hear?
What are some songs that should have been hits but never were?
Was Warren Harding involved with corruption?
What's the most unethical company in the world, and why?
By percentage, how much was your last raise and do you feel it was a fair amount?
Redditors with cats on your laps, why is a cat on your lap?
Why do we describe people as black and white when almost everyone is a variation of brown and beige?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what country are you from and what do you hate about it?
Reddit, What do you look for in selecting a mate?
What is a thoughtful, affordable mothers day present for someone on a student budget (&lt;$40)? Mothers day is two weeks away.
American college students of reddit, are fraternities/sororities the same as in the movies?
What new businesses have entrepreneurs created in your area that are doing very well?
What's the best kind of ball?
What would the world be like if people were invincible and only died of old age?
Reddit, have you ever been attacked or bothered by a pedophile/maniac? Why, How, and When?
How has California's drought affect energy usage in the state?
Redditors, what have you always wanted to try but have been too intimidated or just not motivated enough to start? The rest of Reddit, try to convince the first group to do it.
Humans of Reddit: What is something "unusual" about your body?
What's the most disgusting thing you're every seen in a public bathroom?
What two personalities if stuck in a room would never get along?
Redditors, what is your fetish? Other redditors, would you try this and why? NSFW
[Serious] Reddit, How would one successfully describe color to someone who has never seen it?
Reddit, what did your neighbors do to make them "those neighbors"?
Okay gamers of Reddit, what are arguments for console gaming? [SERIOUS]
Who'd win in a fight spartan 2 or n7?
Reddit, have you had any luck with websites or subreddits making new strictly platonic friends?
With finals coming up, what are some of the best methods of studying that has helped you?
Why is medication not based on body weight?
For the next 24 hours, every up-vote gets you $1... What do you post, and where?
What are some best ways to get over a hard breakup?
What sport has drifted farthest from its original rules?
what is a board game that you have played with your own interpretation?
What are your old high school friends doing now?
What's the worst punishment you can think of? Other redditors, name something even worse.
What do you think is wrong with the US Education system?
What's one sentence that will instantly boost anybody's mood?
What would win 1Billion ants or 2 Lions and why?
Shaming a cultural force for good or bad. have you ever been or have you ever shamed?
What is your best "In Soviet Russia..." joke?
What quote has really stuck with you?
People who got cheated on and gave it another chance, how did it turn out to be? People who cheated, how was it for you?
[Serious] Is there a written sentence that makes sense in two or more languages?
What will be known as "old people clothing" when millennials are elderly?
What's the most gold a post has ever received?
What is the craziest thing you have done lately? [NSFW]
Gamers of Reddit, what was your video game moment of glory?
What did you learn in boating school?
Redditors, are you a Dick, Pussy or an Asshole?
When did all American politicians begin wearing USA Flags on thier suits?
Reddit, what apps should everyone have on their phone?
When science overcomes aging so that a 200+ year life span is not impossible what are the factors and chances a median U.S. wage earner will have access to that procedure/ treatment?
Why can you order different things online at the slowest delivery rate for each and some will arrive in two days and another a week?
What's your favorite food?
Gamers of Reddit, what are your all-time favorite co-op games?
Why do my hands tingle whenever I almost drop something important like my phone?
What small insignificant thing about everyday life makes you really nervous/anxious?
What websites do you think will still be majorly used 25 years from now?
People that have gotten poked by random needles accidentally (EMTs, doctors, picking up trash, etc.) What happened? [Serious]
[Serious] Is there such thing as ethical tourism in Tibet?
What song can be heard and enjoyed in any mood?
Film lovers of reddit - What is the best movie you have seen that you will never watch again?
What meme do you just wish would die out already?
What irrational belief do you hold?
AskReddit, How do you not screw something up?
Reddit, if your life was a piece of fiction, what is the mindblowing plot twist?
How is life in prison a reasonable enough punishment for mass murderers?
What's a good sub for "winding down?"
What is the most creative punishment you can come up with involving lego bricks?
What is your "I messed with the wrong person" story?
What's the most money you've ever carried on your person and why were you carrying it?
What is the most complicated thing you can explain with no more than 20 words?
What do you like to debate about?
If for one day only corporate marketers were allowed on Reddit, what would the comment threads look like?
Other than astronaut food, rubbish cake mix, and sea monkeys, what are some other products that are almost ready and you JUST add water?
What harmless things do we use/do every day that would be potentially toxic/harmful if the human lifespan was 500 years?
What is something I could like now but would hate if I knew the truth about it?
What is the worst example of being "thrown under the bus" you can think of?
What funny lie have you told that people actually believed?
How have your childhood dreams changed over the years?
What was the worst movie that you have ever seen?
Reddit, why are you cheating on your SO?
What are ticket quotas officers?
What is something you found out that completely changed your life?
Is there anyone creepier in TV commercials than the Trivago Guy?
What is the biggest 'bro save' you have been apart of?
Tell me about the last dream you had?
[Serious] To Swiss redditors, what do you learn in history lessons?
Are KFC employees allowed to use snuff while serving the buffet ?
What is something you found surprisingly good?
What subreddit has the weirdest design/interface/CSS/etc?
What's the worst birthday you've ever had?
Redditors who have lost a best friend, how did you deal with it?
Reddit, what are your virtues and what are your faults?
Is there any software out there that is very similar to xtranormal?
What do we do with the elderly?
Your foolishly trusting boss/teacher gave you his or her username and password. What do you do and how do you avoid getting caught?
What was the best thing you made with a religious group? (And no watching Paul Blart:Mall Cop at church doesn't apply)
If you have multiple personalities, can one lapse into coma and the other one doesn't ?
Artists and Graphic Designers, what is the Worst Client You've Ever Had?
How do you cope with harsh critic you only are allowed to say "ok" to?
Reddit, when was the best time OP delivered?
Before you die, you can only chose a reddit comment to be on your tombstone. What does it say?
Reddit, what was your worst experience playing Truth or Dare?
When were you last called a racist?
What is your opinion on France and the French?
What dream seriously stuck with you long after you had it?
What's the best place to find a cheap used car?
[Serious] Reddit, when did you realize you messed up your first date?
Redditers who have known someone who has died suddenly and unexpectedly, how did they die and what do you wish you could change about your time with them?
Reddit, what do you do while waiting in an airport?
What's the coolest way to waste $10.00?
Reddit, when was the weirdest time you were hit on?
How do you deal with the fact that the relationship with your SO will probably end someday?
Men of reddit, what was the most arkward boner you had when you were in your puberty?
What picture do you have that other people can make up a caption for?
When did you realize that you were an asshole?
[NSFW] [Serious] what is the most absolutely disgusting thing you have ever witnessed/did?
Why reddit? you have been banned from posting to /r/funny: funny.
Good site for browsing logistic studies?
What's your experience with an adult treating you like shit just because you aren't an adult?
How much would you charge to kill someone and how would you do it?
whats the best way to put yourself in the friendzone?
Who on Reddit do you secretly have an internet crush on?
Ladies of Reddit: What's the most important item in your purse?
Reddit, when trying to accomplish 'x' task, when is it always a good idea to throw in the towel?
What are some ways you can save or get the most out of your money when traveling?
Non-Americans of Reddit; What's a couple of things you love/hate about United States culture?
What is a great line you use from a movie but you get no response and blank stares from people?
Redditors who began a relationship over the Internet and didn't meet your SO for a long time, how did it turn out?
What's the most shocking thing you have witnessed by a kid?
What is the most awesome username on Reddit?
When I went deep sea fishing for the first time when I was 10, I puked my guts out, and slept the rest of the trip. Haven't been since, 21 now, will I repeat history if I try to go again?
Hi Reddit, what did you felt when you were going unconscious, and did you tried to fight back it?
Why are relationships so complicated?
[Serious] Children who parents argue a lot to the point where "divorce" comes to your mind, how do you resolve it? As a child, what's the best thing you can do.
What are the best workout songs?
What unlikely quote struck you as profound?
WTF is up with the Paul Blart posts, already?
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
What is something someone did right the first time?
What is the most creative Swear you've ever heard?
What is the average price of gas in your area? And if you don't mind telling, what area do you live in?
Reddit, who is your most fucked up celebrity crush?
Reddit, what is something that was ridiculously hyped up &amp; generally enjoyed that you didn't like?
Ladies, what would you do if your boyfriend or husband asked you to chop food into smaller pieces when cooking?
Redditers who reached the front page with a personal post, how did you react and what was the outcome?
Did someone ever change your view on a topic you had a very strong opinion about with a single argument? If so, how did your react?
Will faster internet from my ISP reduce ping times, in addition to increasing bandwidth?
What's your worst hookup story?
What new word did you learn today?
What's the worst movie ever made?
If aliens were to come down to Earth in the middle of the night and abduct you and you only, what do you think would be their reason for doing so?
How do people make money advertising on dating apps?
Reddit, how would you react if your abusive mother said that if you called the police on her, they would let her "beat you to death"?
People not from Florida. Is frorida a big deal?
What's a skill that seems really bland/uninteresting but actually comes very handy?
Angry redittors, what's the most violent thing you've done ?
You are a crazed lunatic hellbent on killing mankind. What is your plan?
What are you and expert in? Tell a story about someone you've caught talking out of their ass about your expertise.
What are some useful bulletin board-type websites for listing an event or conference?
What is something different about reddit today, compared to when you first started browsing it?
What's a secret you wish you didn't know?
What's the worst sport?
You're sitting in class and an intruder comes in to kill you and your classmates. What object in your classroom do you use to kill the intruder?
"Ignorance is bliss", what is the one thing you'd rather be in the dark about?
What is the funniest thing to happen during a childhood sleep over?
People of Reddit, how was your senior prom?
Wheelchair bound redditors, how people act around you that you dislike?
What makes a day perfect for you?
What's the worst that can happen?
What's the weirdest thing you've sold to someone?
What's a good joke to tell solely to annoy the person/people you're telling it to?
Who is the most famous person that is an active reddit user?
A question to professional Santa Claus impersonators: Is the Santa fetish a real thing and if so how many times has your job gotten you laid?
What really is the oldest trick in the book?
If you could have any super power what would it be?
Web Developer/Project Managers of sites that have a million popups and make you go through an album with "next" buttons... do you lose a lot of users?
If you could forget what happens in any film or game, What would choose and why?
What small lies that are necessary ?
Which fictional work within another fictional work/"show within a show" do you most wish were real?
[Serious] What's the best photograph you have ever seen?
Help Reddit, How do those of you who have a spouse or significant other whose birthday is on a major holiday, plan a fun filled day for them?
[Serious]What common popular goal in life people strive for.... do you think is overhyped?.
[Serious] What's the best book that you read that you revisit almost everyday?
Reddit, what is the funniest thing you have ever witnessed at work?
If you could tell something to yourself 2 years ago, what would it be?
Reddit what was one of your "they took my job!" Moments?
What could cellphone companies do to make you happy?
What are some cool ideas to upcycle giant letters off of a Home Depot store?
You have the godlike power to create your own sexual paradise, what is it like?
Reddit, what is your best story?
[Serious] What race is most popular in female porn; White, black, arab, asian, etc??
What do you and your SO fight about that others would think is crazy?
What have you heard people say "is better than sex?"
If you had to banish a family member, who would it be?
You have been named the world's most dangerous criminal. You are now number one on the most wanted list. What did you do?
What is the best band name that you've ever heard?
What SFW subreddit has the most NSFW name?
[Serious]Parents Of Reddit: What's the creepiest thing you've overheard on your child's baby monitor?
[Serious] What are some pearls of wisdom that you can give to someone who will be going to college in the fall?
What was your plot twist?
Tell me about your neighbours, Reddit?
Which laptop do you use? If you were to buy a new one which would you go for and why?
How do you unwind after a long day of work/school?
So what's your opinion of the F-35?
What's your favorite breakfast cereal?
What's the funniest movie scene?
People who have fallen for Internet/email scams, what was the scam and why did it convince you?
Hey reddit! How do you stay in shape?
[Serious] What are your most frightening experiences of sleep paralysis?
Reddit, what is the biggest regret of your life?
What food do you think generates the most crumbs, or specs of itself, while being consumed?
Which questions will most people lie in their answer?
What are the funniest gaming and sports stereotypes?
What are two words, that when placed right next to each other, sound hilarious?
What is your 'thought hobby': Something you imagine to pass the time?
[Serious] Reddit people sometimes have itchy butt-holes what is the best anti-itch butt cream for these people?
What local/regional food chain in your area should everyone try?
Reddit! What is thy best classic insult?
In light of recent events in Chile, have you ever experienced a volcanic eruption?
Sleepwalkers of reddit what is the weirdest place or situation you have woken up in?
Where is a good place to ask movie questions on reddit?
What's your best "Tom Sawyer getting Huck Finn to paint the fence" story?
Former child prodigies, how did your prowess during your younger years affect your life as you grew up? What's life like for you now as an adult?
How to improve my hand writing?
Does listening to music while studying help you concentrate?
The cast of Looney Toons has been entered into a Mortal Kombat tournament. Who wins and what do the fatalities look like?
How would you spend your week?
Redditors Who've been abducted By a U.F.O. What do you remember?
If President Obama was to perform a high crime, would he be able to pardon himself for the crime, assuming he has yet to be taken out of office?
Hey redditors, what are the top amas of all time?
What's the most useful bit of knowledge you can share with the rest of Reddit?
[Serious] Should homosexual couples adopt instead of IVF/surrogacy/etc?
You wake up as a dog, What is the first thing you do?
What 5 movies are most quoted in everyday life?
[Serious] Redditors that have gone through life without a significant other, how'd everything turn out?
[serious] Why does ANYONE pay for music anymore?
What things get completely different meaning when done in a reverse mode?
How many up-votes can one post get before it jams up reddit's code?
What annoys you most about traveling on a train?
[Serious] Ex-Cons and Prison Officers of Reddit, what advice do you have for those about to serve a prison sentence?
Reddit, what was the dumb thing the smart kid in school said/did?
What is your "life is like a box of chocolates" outlook?
What's the closest you've ever come to getting into any kind of trouble with the police?
Anyone who goes to Kent State University, are there any recommendations?
What is your favorite Chinpokomon? Why?
Is it better for children of divorce to live in a household where both parents, both on good terms, still live together?
What sub has annoyed you enough to unsub from?
Anatomically speaking, which animal could dance the Y.M.C.A. song the best?
[Serious] Redditors of Baltimore, how are you holding up with the rioters in your city? Do you think they are justified? Why or why not?
[Serious]Managers: what is your biggest fear/worry? (related to your work as a manager)
What game is the most fun to be a complete arsehole to NPCs?
reddit, what is a word you always fail to say out loud?
Is 25 to old too have never had a real paying job before?
What's the worst line of dialogue from a really good movie, OR, what's best line from a really shitty movie?
Why do people remember a particular taste when hearing a song that reminds you of an event in the past?
Teachers of Reddit, if a student came to you asking for extra credit what would increase their chances the most of getting it?
Why does it seem, that in America people treat their Presidents like celebrities, whereas here in Britain, no-one takes them that seriously and we all just tend to take the piss out of them?
What's the weirdest thing that your afraid of?
[Serious]Job Interview Question: "Will you give your current employer a chance to match an offer?" What's the right way to answer that?
Reddit, of those of you that got married at a young age, what's your biggest regret?
People who were addicted to videogames, could we hear your stories?
What tv or movie character do you think is living the dream?
What is your favorite reddit user made content?
What's the BEST combination for a shooter sandwich?
What movie actually needs to be remade?
Reddit, what porn movie helped you through a rough time?
When is the correct time to tell a guy you're a virgin?
What is your favorite subreddit?
If you were president of your country and had absolute power to do one thing, what would you do to improve your country and/or the welfare of it's people?
At what subreddit would I get guaranteed downvotes by saying a specific sentence?
What would happen if there were no humans born for the next 20 years?
Reddit, what are some good skills to learn over the summer that will increase my chances of getting a job?
What is your scariest real life horror story?
[Serious] Allied Health Professionals, what's the best and worst parts of your job?
Redditors who have train-hopped, how far did you go, how was it, and what are some things you could tell for amateur train-hoppers?
[Serious]can you state a fact that I, or the majority of reddit, will think is bullshit but is actually true?
[Serious] Married LGBT Redditors, how did you meet your SO?
What is your 'go to' TV show/movie after you have watched something scary or depressing?
What's something you've seriously considered stealing?
What have you experienced that you feel can't just be explained away by normal means?
What bullet did you dodge and how did you know?
Reddit did that kid you thought may have been gay in high school turn out to be gay?
[Serious] Reddit, what movie helped you through a rough time?
What is your favourite chase scene in a movie?
Female "nerds" of Reddit, do you feel like you're not taken seriously?
What's the dumbest reason you've ever heard for a divorce?
If you threw a dart at a spinning globe, where would it stick?
To anyone whose birth was an accident, how did you find out and how do you feel about not being planned?
Why do illustrations of the sun and moon often have human faces?
What is your reason for living?
How do you pay promoters?
US redditors, how big of a deal are School Dances in your community? Prom, Homecoming, etc.?
What is the best game you've ever played on an emulator?
How did you pull through life changing events?
GameStop employees, what is the craziest parental reaction you've seen after describing the (M-rated) game they're buying for their child?
Reddit, if the government caused 911, why would they need to tear down all the buildings?
reddit, which celebrity do you most admire and for what reason?
Which smaller YouTube channel(s) deserves more exposure?
Is there anything interesting you are allowed to do but you don't ?
Reddit teachers, how do you help your students deal with the violent death of another student?
What beverage tastes great, if not better, room temperature as opposed to cold/hot?
What is the best birthday present you have given your father?
What job do you have and what shoes do you wear for it?
What have you accidentally dropped in the toilet?
Anyone have experience with Narcanon?
Is there a way to pay for domestic deliveries in the US to a company who will ship all items to the UK in one delivery to save cumulative international shipping costs?
What is a technology you secretly regret for making things TOO easy, or eliminating a good middleman?
Reddit peeps: ever done a scavenger hunt? What are the most creative places the clues led you to?
Will you be persuaded by inquiry into climate data processing?
What is the greatest coincidence that occurred to you that did not look like a coincidence?
People of Reddit what's your party trick?
Where is the best place to go in Chicago?
Reddit, what's something on your bucket list that everyone else should add to theirs?
Is there any harm in using a battery with the jacket pulled off?
Reddit, when did you feel like or think you were about to die, even though you were in no real danger?
Hello reddit! If the queen of England wanted you to show her your internet history, what would you do?
What makes you a hypocrite?
Reddit, what song did you once hate/dislike but have now grown to enjoy?
If you were arrested by the police, what picture do you think they would release of you to look incriminating?
What would you ask your doppelganger?
Who do you think you might have been your last life?
Where are your keys right now?
Doctors and Medical Professionals: What valuable knowledge or skill did you gain from observing the medical practices of a third world country?
What's YOUR latest "unpopular opinion"?
What keeps you up at night?
Your Favourite Karaoke Song?
Redditors, what have you funded on a crowd-funding site and how did it turn out?
What species, other than humanity, would dominate the planet?
Your top comment is the story of your life. How has your day been?
What Kevin James movie inspired you to become a mall cop?
How will Hillary Clinton or Jeb Bush be able to quell America's current race issues?
After the events of Kindergarten Cop, what do you think Detective John Kimble will do with his life?
[Serious] If you could delete one memory that haunts you, what would it be?
What is something that you wish you had done when you had the chance?
Parents of Reddit, how do you make friends with other parents you meet in public?
[Serious] isn't it strange that someone's perception of you has been shaped completely by something you may never remember Having said/done?
What is the one man-made item you would remove for the benefit of humanity and why?
Residents of California, what are some of the day to day implications of the drought? And How does it affect you?
[Serious] What is your personal definition of a true friend?