Not your usual aww, but here's Oliver, my new baby parrot!
I wish I had a little lamb...
Ever wonder what a Shiba Inu and Alaskan Malamute would make?
This is Elle. She's a therapy dog, an AKC good citizen, Humane Society hero dog of the year, and she's also a pit bull. One of my favorite animal pics.
Sometimes I get sad, then I see her smiling at me and I can't help but smile right back.
So y'all like Cute Couples?
Boyfriend surprises girlfriend with a puppy (x-post from /r/HumansBeingBros)
This is Cooper and he's happy to see you!
Got a new puppy, the 1 year old will not sleep anywhere else.
Can't stop looking at this baby puppy
The Cutest Couple!
He knows he's not allowed in the front. But that smile
A large Twitter account posted my front page post, so naturally, I replied.
Let it goat
It's his 1st birthday, I thought it would be an appropriate time to let him know...
Reddit, meet Rusty!! He likes trail walks and cool whip.
Cats often play neon air hockey across smooth surfaces.
Derpy Lil Bub
Went to get ice cream and they made sure Radar didn't feel left out
So we tried grooming our St. Bernard...
So Proud.
Puppy.exe has stopped working and needs to restart
Police dog "throws" out the first pitch
Some Cats are photogenic. And then there's Xander...
Every morning.
Nothing this pretty can be bad luck.
Drogo's new favorite past time. He would whine if I didn't push him.
The rubbing machine
think my mums cat is all tired out after going for a walk with the dog
Any room here for old gals? My pup turned 13 today!
The iron throne
I'm tough, I'm tough ....! Sh*t I'm outta here
When we first got him vs. him today. :')
I finally got a pup of my own! Meet Tucker on his first beach day
I am the driver now.
My cat was asleep on the couch. My dog did not care.
This mama had her kittens under our house. Here they are safe and sound.
Happy hedgehog.
Baby elephant safety line
Why, That's so flattering!
Just lying
What my friend means to say is, "No, we haven't seen your shoes."
Moving 3000 miles away from my parents, I was afraid my daughter was going to forget their dog. Until I saw this.
My 6 yr old lab and I are babysitting my parents golden-doodle puppy for the night.
One of our bunnies is really good at playing dead.
There was a dog outside.
Let's sit in the smallest possible container in the entire house
Huck's First Hike
Meet my new friend, Charlie.
Best friend of 9 years and counting, meet Bambam
Boop !
If this isn't a huge aww then I don't know what is!!
Girlfriend and I just adopted this cute puppy!
Aaaaaaah...
It had to be this one...
Lost in a sea of ginger tabbies
"What are you looking at?"
A gift from my father as I have become one myself.
My dirty son of a bitch
She may not need the scarf, but she looks cute wearing one!
He found the photographer
We have a huge porcupine puffer fish at work. He's my favorite co-worker, and by far the cutest.
The cat may be injured but he still cleans his sisters ears once a week
Baby Spider Monkey
This didn't help Skipper's fear of being replaced.
Well, I guess I can't drive now
I think they're happy winter is over
What a difference 3 weeks makes. (OC)
Private Woof reporting for duty!
Autism Service Dog In Training goes to Disneyland
This little guy has escorted my girlfriend and I to and from class all semester.
My friend just adopted this guy, his name is Kevin
Tiny kitten with a mohawk.
Nuuu Sun
I can't handle her cuteness! Reddit, meet Nova
Reddit, meet my new little guy, Charlie. Just got his first haircut!
Mother Care
Full of Lambition!
I got a little fur buddy
For my cakeday, here's my recently adopted cat Annie, on the day we took her home from the pound, and one week later.
Enjoying the sun... Awkwardly
My Pit Mix and His New Rescued Wiener Brother
The kid insisted we have a birthday party for the cat
Sometimes Pepito holds my hand
My hood was an irresistible cave of warmth for Lillian!
My dog's first time outside. Curious and frightened at the same time.
We need to have a talk
he wants to be picked up
Happy to leave the vet.
Happy puppy
Here is my best buddy Mosby. I have so many adorable pictures of him, but I'm going to space them out.
She might be getting old, but she will always be my #1 girl
Found this cute little guy shivering in the cold outside my house. What should I name him?
The 17 year old love of my life.
Misty always looks so worried, with her casts it looks like she has good reason.
What my new kitten likes to play with the toggles.
Pile of coyote pups
It's her 10th birthday today!
Hai. I'm little bit
My dog was barking like crazy...went to investigate and rescued this lil guy!
I'm leaving on vacation for three weeks. I'm going to miss these girls more than anyone else.
Adopted five kittens today and their mamma :)
my snowwhite pup helps with stress during finals
This happy little guy stole my heart and lots of my pizza when I was in Sicily
Trying to get my attention during the game
I am your dog, and this is my dog.
Whatcha doing...?
My rescue pup
Freedawwm
Let's make this a parrot day! This is Petey, an African grey.
My best friend turned 12 yesterday
Our new goofball named shady
Just got a new puppy :)
Just a girl playing with her pet elephant (India)
Found this little guy in the yard yesterday.
Cob can still run around with the ponies
Where's the poop Penelope?
My husband has a shoulder kitten
Candy back from the groomer
It has been an amazing year!
Three years later and she is still trying to get him to play
She likes to drink out of the sink sometimes
My Precious :3
Affectionate Rescue Lamb Snuggles With Dog
Our new Poms first car ride
Peaches doing her best Miley Cyrus impression
Mondays aren't so bad when you look your best.
No mummy, I can'tz keep up
My friend got a new puppy. Meet Chloe.
15 years old this month
Derpy Bella
My service dog is a corgi, and I brought her to class last week for the first time. I think she found her spot.
Belated Christmas photo!
Sleepy Puppies :)
Waking up to this dopey face wanting to come in is the best
That Face
Missed my Cake Day yesterday. With a picture of an eclectus already on the front page, here's mine in his favorite tree at the park
Wife and I left our dog with some friends while we were out of town. They held an impromptu photo shoot with him and made us a "Joe-themed" calendar
My neighbors dog comes over and barks at my door until I give him a treat.
Just got news that my baby Senegal Parrot is eating/drinking on it's own! Will be ready to come home in a few weeks!
Shoulder kitten
Don't worry, I'll guard the beer.
Boxer pup, and his buddy
Since we're posting sleeping 1 year olds and new puppies..
Wild penguin in Melbourne
Everytime I leave, she runs to say goodbye.
Sat down for a quick sandwich in our office cafeteria this morning. Had a friendly visitor, watching me eat my sandwich very patiently.
All ready for bed
Someone was a little sad that we couldn't play before work this morning.
Today is my cake day. It is also the day I get the privilege of becoming this beautiful girl’s human. Say hello to Newt. This is a picture of her at the pound and I am breaking her out later today.
Hello, Reddit. Meet Ferrero!
Sugar helping with my homework
My cat practicing his ventriloquist act
My dad's dog friendly office celebrates everyone's birthday...
Baby sandhill crane following mom around
I love you, Blueberry Spicehead.
Today is my cake day. Heres a picture of my dog lounging.
Came home at 3AM and found the house empty except for a small kennel in the living room. No idea who he is or where he came from, but he wanted to chill.
Went to the zoo yesterday and saw this little guy
Too lazy to act like a predator
My friend's kitty snuggles everybody. My shirt-kitty ended up in the shot.
This is Ecko after a day at Doggie Day Care!
Someone at my Humane Society had a little too much fun naming the cats. They're also rather cute.
This is my cat-snake - TK!
And you are staring at my testicles because??!?
My friend had to triple check with the groomer to make sure he was bringing home the right dog.
He really likes walks
Recently rescued this charming young man.
Hiked across the lava rock today but the rocks were too hot and sharp for her
This sign at my vet's office flawlessly describes my silver pug puppy.
Meet Mooshi
Just moved into a new house with a fireplace, she spends most of her time staring at it.
Dog Owners Getting Their Dogs' Heads Shaved Into Circles And Squares
Friend's cat smiling next to her duck friends
Bravest Jack Russell on the Planet (x-post from /r/gifs)
Don't know if she belongs here, but I wanted to share my bunbun Schnüppi.
This is Twizzler and she loves the beach.
Reddit, meet Simba!
Baby Bird and Angry Bird
Meet the two new additions to my household!
I heard Reddit likes rescued animals. I got him when he was 2 and it was one of the best decisions of my life. His names Floyd.
My cat Einstein looks as if he's plotting my horrific death...
"Paint me like one of your French girls."
Sea Lion pup wants to play. Taken in the Galapagos, these guys are so much fun.
Kitty kisses!!
Kittens are coming! Kittens are coming! Livestream of round and waddling mama cat who is so close
Meet scamper, my blind but classy kitty!
Monday's....
Reddit, meet my little buddy Fritz. He is 16 but still thinks he is a puppy.
Rusty is 3 years old now, but we still think of him as a puppy. This is his "look how cute I am" face.
Someone's too big for his bed
Was at the Zoo yesterday, never seen a creature look more relaxed in my life.
Adorable!
My face is Hided in all my Fluff
Apparently wolves really like watermelon.
Doughnuts aren't filling...give me more!!!!
George the cat taking a quick standing break
He's tired
Pinky &amp; the Brain
Today's my birthday and I got a new puppy!!! best birthday ever
Our new puppy Teddy and his doughnut toys
What a difference a year makes.
Double Derp
Ambush!
First family photo. Welcome to the family Jinny!
This is my pug, Buscemi
:D
Lunch time for Giant Pandas
This soothes her needy nature.
She's had a very long hard day
Meet Marbles!
Rocco's em-bark-ing on a new adventure
This is Frida. She's cheeky when she wants to play.
I can see noises.
Hunting dog.
My 6 year old purring machine
So spoiled! My baby is ready for a trip. Strapped into car seat and ready to go!
Neighbors cat wondered into my house...
My friend painted @MarnieTheDog
My Golden Retriever Baily
Looks like they're the ones working the 12 hour shifts.
The Dog Fanny Pack For Carrying Pups Below Your Gut
No photos please, i'm trying to sleep
Chance: Burned by previous owner at 10 weeks. This is him a year and a half later and happy as could be:)))
Rizo enjoys his mid day naps
Reading Stella Luna with my niece when I noticed the resemblance
My neighbors pups make bad days better.
Sometimes Pepito holds my hand
Finally got them settled enough for a decent picture!
Intertwined cats smelling lunch
Cat Aerodynamics in a Wind Tunnel
Meet Bowie. My 10 week old GSD
So excited he can't keep his eyes open
Donut dog...
I can go too??
If it fits it... you know the rest.
I've never seen cats be such good friends
Our new mini schnauzer puppy!
Posing between the bike racks
Blep!
Leo's a happy dog despite being sick a lot
Fort Cuteness
Daily Dax #3 - He thinks he's innocent .. do you believe him?
The dog watches the evening news like this. Every single night.
The Most Cutest Couple
Golden pup asleep in bath
Kitten ive been nursing, her name is Clara.
someone is tired
My beautiful kitten got into our ribbons from my husbands and my gifts from our wedding. He's such a cutie! Just thought I'd share the cuteness!
My Three Musketeers
My bigfoot as a kitten
While we're on the couples trend, here's a picture of Rooney and Daisy
Our new girl!
Highland Cows are just awesome
Extremely Photogenic Cat
Met this squiggly armadillo today at work!
My cat Dr. Nope has super powers. She can turn invisible.
Tiger people are afraid
I hear reddit likes cute dog couples now. P.s. they were not posed.
Packed for Vacation!
Wonder what she is dreaming about
Another before and after groomer picture. Amazing what a difference some fur makes. I miss the scruff but at least she's comfortable in the heat now.
I'm Oreo
Did I miss something?
Lil kitty cleaning its paws
this is my buddy. his name is remus.
Another older pup. My Italian Greyhound Willow, who will 15 this year!
He came to the aquarium to see the people exhibit
I can see yous
After a long day of play, Koda is finally tired
Chinchilla shower
Hello, Reddit. Meet Ferrero!
Someone looks a little lonely...
How could I tell this face off for weeing on the carpet?
:p
Any Zebra love?
Hey sweety, look there.
Unlikely friends.
the flyest dog around
looks comfy.
finally caught her yawning
Piggy and Puggy
I see your cute Huskie couple and present you with my cute rescued mutt couple.
Look at that smile!
Turkey enjoying the sunshine :)
Leia found the cutest place to settle down for a nap
Man helps baby fox
My dog lives better than most people
classic cat in a box
BoJack's looking a little sleepy today..
Cat sitting these 2 adorable kittens.
My boy Dreidel
When you know you've done parenting right
Say hello to Aja on her 13th birthday
Thug Life
(off topic) a minor gripe about titles
Three weeks old and melting my heart
Moose turns two today!
My train didn't get home from college till 2:00 am. Even though he was sleepy, he didn't waste time telling me that he missed me.
I don't have time for you right now! (x-post from /r/Unexpected)
Before and after of my boy
I've never seen a more cheerful bagel. I almost feel bad eating it.
Belle is pretty and she knows it
They finally stood still to get a photo
REDDIT! I need your help. Found my little princess Luna over a year ago and wanting to know what type of cat she is.
After taking 17 shots, I just got It!
My cat has funny feet...
Brawwwwl
My cat now likes to hide under the sofa
My dog acting like he did nothing.
My sister's 10 week old puppy, Rigby!
Doggy Bride &amp; Groom.
This is Lugia, my one year old cockatiel, begging for head scratches
He's struggling to stay awake with me as I prep for my PHR exam
A snow speckled Starbuck from earlier this year
Yin and Yang
This beauty showed up on my FB feed
My stray "Allie cat" and her kittens.
Pile-o-pups
She sleeps in my hand sometimes
Took a walk in the woods, and stumbled across this big kitty.
Did you say lunch???
Took apart my cat's crate at the vet because he wouldn't come out. Didn't work!
Turbo the kitten likes to chases his tail
Pindari, a baby Alpine Dingo, with his big Brother Zed (mixed breed).
My little pug/shih tzu mix Casanova, can't wait to bring him home :)
My mouse catcher resting with his latest haul
Kitty &amp; Woozle
Meet Ruby! She's the newest addition to our family.
This is Yoruichi and she assures that she isn't the one that rip off the puff
This cute dogs paw
My brother's new kitten Mac fearlessly guarding my scarf that I left behind.
The vet said he had to add more exercise to his daily routine.
There's always that one special dog at the pet store...
"Dogs can't look up" my ass
What is it buddy?!
Dog Playing In Fountain Is Pure Joy
So I gave my dog a piece of a baguette... He decided it was going to be a toy.
He's so small he can use the blanket as a hammock
My gorgeous little man, Toki
My 200 lb lap dog can't just sit on a couch like a normal giant
I'm so cozy. It's too bad my sister is about to sneeze in my face.
He was informing us the kids discovered the label maker.
I felt like I was betraying him. Get better soon.
This chubby Koala
Winston is ready for summer
I'm trying to sleep, go away
I love my little girl
Peek-a-boo!!!
Everyone knows this look is so cute but results in pain.
My roommate's dog loves to sleep on the living room couch. He thinks he's invisible.
"My handsome baby Alfredo." --- Andrea
Close up of my friends kitty
My kitten discovers its new cat tree.
My dad's dog doesn't know what to do with her legs when she lies down.
Meet Kygo, my (tired) 8 wk old.
Police pups about to start training.
This Chihuahua at the groomer.
These two made fast friends whilst away camping.
The only way my cat will sit on my lap.
Walter loves tomatoes from the garden
A very patient Beagle
Enjoying the window
Tiger shares a meal with Jack Russel Terrier.
Thunder gave us a good smile today.
Boop
Hey camera, dis your ball?
here's our unorthodox cute couple (sorry about the potato quality)
Meet our chicken Egg. This is our chicken, she's called Egg.
Jabba The Cat
I interrupted her sun time...
Where's Mom?
Hopefully this will make your Monday better!
swimming hedgehog
Got new phone and took this beauty he takes a good photo
Turtle loves Gator (x-post from /r/turtlesonalligators)
Our beagle is the worst watchdog - she sleeps like a stone!
African wild dog puppy
Can I haz petz?
The cutest couple!!
Cuddle buddies
My friend is trying to crate train her puppy
Enjoying the Grass
Big brother and little brother.. Separation not an option!
Where'd your nose go?!
Jabba the fluff
My loves
My dog made a heart!
Someone told me it was couples day on /r/aww
They've been together 14 years
Meet Precious She's A Little Sleepy
My friend has foxes living under her barn
A baby squirrel found me today.
A furry columnist, thoughtful about life.
Went to an elephant sanctuary today in Thailand and met this majestic guy.
Stumbled across this picture of a baby highland cow, it is my duty to share it with the world..
A baby sloth was just born at the Honolulu Zoo on Tuesday!
there's a new bunny in the hood.
It's the little things in life, like cuddling with a dog :)
Did you get my good side?
My kitty likes "helping" with laundry..
Hugging mom
Saw this little guy at my local animal shelter
Summer is on it's way
My crazy cat after eating Tuna
Our new boy Finn, two days after we got him! Big poo on carpet, just out of shot....
A Boy, and his Chicken
Kenny
My crazy Labrador, Julie, and her circus trick. She taught herself how to do this.
Am dogsitting the most interesting dog in the world. Every time I walk through the living room, he's got a new pose for me.
Sunday is when the squirrels aren't afraid on campus
Penguin!
My 4 month old kitten was never taught to play fetch. He taught me instead.
Reddit Meet This little beast.
Goodmorning sweetheart -kitten ive been nursing
My ridiculously photogenic Aussie (x-posted r/wigglebutts)
He feel asleep while playing
Visited my parents today, this old girl makes 16 look good.
I think this cat is gearing up for Indy 500.
Labrador puppies opened their eyes today.
So,um, bulldog puppies!
He likes his older half brither
Hatched out some Quail Chicks!
love her green eyes
A white tiger cub helps his brother out from the pool
Mother and Son Love
She loves her teddy bear
The spring is finally here in Iceland
My dingo Loki is almost two years old :3
Buddys First Birthday!
Bundle of Joy
Just chillin'.
dog barking tune
She's become a mother just after 2 years
You let me sit beside the small human, I'm so happy!!
Yes please
Eye of the tiger
We threw the Snuggie over him to see how quick he got out. It took a minute. Now he's just excited he has a new poncho
Cheese!
Just got back from the shelter!! All tired out from some frisbee!!
I know that feel, bro.
Got your tongue!
It's there 1 year anniversary
A Doggie I found in Athens, Greece
Can I have treats, please?
Came across this guy on my way to work.
For the past 6 months, my wife and I fostered a wonderful cat named Polly. She's 13 and has thyroid issues which made her difficult to place. Yesterday, she was finally adopted to her forever home &lt;3 (x-posted to /r/aww)
Baby birds take up residence in our lantern
A very round cat paw~
This is my cat, Nietzsche. He just woke up.
Thought we could smuggle out this baby goat
Its my cake day, and this is a cat ^.^
They love each other
I have to guard the shower in case you decide to disappear while you're in there.
My brother's cat has a refined taste in fashion.
The best way to spend Sunday mornings
Bunnies Love Ikea
Two tiny turtles hitch a ride
Been sitting there ever since she left us
Robert always does this without fail...
Everyone meet Tigerlily.
My furry study buddy
She needs a name.
Wanna play?
Monkey feeling cute
Would you like to be my friend?
My cat sleeps with a stuffed pig
Just enjoying my lazy life
Meet Nas, the new addition to our family.
Help me come up with a name. Male kitten.
I'm Dog-sitting, this has been my view for the last 3 days.
I adopted Squishy ~2 years ago and today she turns 9!!
Sneezaboo - GIF on Imgur
Nikki is super serious about protecting her stick
Beat me to it...
Sharing my baby's transformation on this fine cake day
She thinks they make her look smarter
I think George was impressed by the view at our new apartment.
Errrrr, someone help me?
The face of innocence
My kitty, passed out on my foot rest.
This girl isn't as spry as she use to be but I think she's cute
Thought you guys might like my German Shepherd!
For my 1st cake day, heres a picture of my newly adopted pup
Was going to toss out my old pillows but thought she might want them :)
Gray paws!
My friends new puppy! (French Bulldog)
Owl at Jackson's Cypress Grove Park
Happy puppy loving life
We just brought home this little guy
Captain's dog rides the ferry every day.
"This is Domino." --- Marsha
This is Buster. He watches TV like this for hours.
This cat has got his poker game face on point!
Found this little guy during my morning J
overflowing with serotonin and oxytocin
A new breed of Alien
My neighbour's dog saw my cat stick her head out the back door. She's now been like this for the past hour, shaking.
This Shakti being vicious/cute
Oliver enjoying the spring.
Yup she knows how to dog
Mommy loves her newborn baby
Leaving my gfs house and I see this
Callie dyed her hair for my cake day. Wet paint can't stop anyone.
Bros for life!
My cat is unsure about this whole head massager thingie.
Gus the pug has a new friend!
Just catching some ZZZZzzzz's. This is Suki!
My new rescue buddy.
Here's my puppy when he was 4 weeks old
Best Friends
This fella had a long day of exploring the mall with his daddy
Going to engagement with Dog
Can I have a new ball?
Capturing all that is good in my life within one picture...
Took all 3 kids on their first trip to the lake this year.
Mom's spaghetti
My rescue cat poses like the "I don't always。。" meme guy
Spike, the ferocious beast, takes a nap.
Daily Dax #2 - Husky face
my friend's grandma is going through a really tough time, and she's never been to a zoo. today, he brought to the zoo to her
This is Bonnie. Her face just looks like that.
Pasture lambing is in full swing... [OC]
Expensive Catbed
Mom, I'm ready for the dog park!
No shame!!
New puppy
Big and little puppy chewing on a stick together.
A cute Rhodesian Ridgeback puppy with it's toy (picture found, not taken by me).
These litter mates were reunited this weekend
She found a comfy spot
my roommate's dog is the best model
She's got the look. And she never lets me forget it.
This is Pete. He's getting up there in years, but he's still a great looking dog!
I'm a Singapora, and I have big eyes
Sometimes a dog's face just matches their personality
My chihuahua puppy found a leaf the other day!
Two kittens wearing dresses at a table with a birthday cake, 1914
I went to my car and found this thing
Meet Hugo!
This former stray has beaten beaten diabetes! Wanted to share my beautiful girl's story.
Those eyes.
Yaay!!!
Taking Regina for a walk.
Meet Scotch
Kitty derp
My dog is destined to be a pirate for Halloween every year for now on
An adorable little Aussie
A guy helps a little fox out (X-post from /r/gifs)
One of the ducks on my pond made some baby duckies
Recovering from their surgeries
Why doing my laundry takes so long.
Puffer fish checking me out, taken in the Galapagos. (VIC)
19 year old dog posing while on a hike :)
He insists on sleeping on my pillow every night.
I surrender!
Beach weather isn't just for us.
Little girl learns to move eyebrows.
Meet Polly the Polydactyl cat
Trying to eat and this little guy keeps asking for more food
We found some baby foxes playing in the woods
He's not the hero we deserve.
Chihuahuas hitching a ride!
REDDIT!!! Can you please help me find a home for this three month old?
Night Version of cat
Poof sunbathing on this wonderful day.
Kitten Eyes
He looks like a gentleman but he's crazy!
Feral kittens found in my neighbors woodpile
My dog has a shoulder dog.
My sister's dog, Chocco, is so goofy
baby cardinals chirping hello to the world
The most photogenic puppy ever
Now look at me and act like your plan for world domination is a success
Brother and sister
I found my doggy doppelgänger
Now where did I put that sticker...
Happy as can be
She's not very good at hide-and-seek, but I'm tempted to let Nugget have this one.
Someday I want someone to look at me the way my cat looks at a turkey sandwich
His name is Franklin and he is growing!
The garbage can is tipped over? Why would you ask me?
Reconsidering Life Choices..
It's very fine weather in mumbai. My dog wants to drive to somewhere?
This guy hangs out on my deck to get some sun.
Better Beware!
Safe to say my friend's new puppy has been an instant hit
Ares taking a nap.
She has some growing to do
Can we make spooning cats a new trend?
I think he is broken.
Kitty Pillow Love
Perfectly timed photo
Meet Olivia
Its not what it looks like...
Meet Fred, he needs your help Imgur! - Album on Imgur
The sad eyes of my foster dog
Those eyes
Meet with cute Mareechi ...
Piggies!
Ummm, yeah . . . I have no idea how that happened.
Our new kitten, Gus.
Easy, breezy, beautiful
Say hello to my new kitten, Felicia!
I wonder what she's thinking
Betty looks like a bit of a perv here
He loves getting scratches in the sun
Prince of the household: Milton Scout
This little derp started to fall off of a pillow while trying to look at me.
Is it Taco Tuesday yet?
I rescued a mouse from 4 of my cats today. Took a picture and set him free outside. He winked when I took the picture
My dog fell asleep like this for around 30 minutes.
My sister's dog knows how to use Skype.
Oscar wants to say hi
Reddit, meet my tuxedo cat Gus. Pictured here are the only two personalities he possesses.
Manic's first experience with fall
He would like some of my ice cream
How I find my cats water 99.9% of the time.
This little guy was havin a bad time in our backyard. Gf and I were able to get him to the rescue right up the road.
Betrayal can never be forgiven
Meet this fuzzball.. Cody the sleepy guy.
I love when he falls asleep like this (x-post /r/chihuahuas)
Two lovesquirrels
Our new puppy Teddy
14 Year Old Dog, Anyone know what Breeds he is mixed with?
Tried to take a picture of Griffey. He stuck his tongue out.
My pup fell asleep ready to play!
The hierarchy. Elder kitty takes the high throne.
Went outside today and one of our cats greeted me like this.
Hugs
This cat might be "overweight" by r/aww standards, but still cute none the less.
She wouldn't use her bed until they put a box in it
My friend's golden retriever puppy is still learning how to brake
I slept over at my boyfriends house last night, I think she missed me.
Since we're on Jack Russells...
Happiest chameleon I've ever seen
My 16 year old pitbull Cheech. Her brother Chong ran away a couple of years ago.
Kitten annoying his brother from another mother :)
Piper's not a fan of finals's week (X-post r/cats)
Hank loves the park.
Special delivery!
Tucker the husky flopping around
My pit enjoying the nice weather
She wouldn't let me watch TV
Meet Felix, my first bottle baby of kitten season!
My dog took a selfie last night
My foot warmers
Meet Amber, time for some more Gecko love in r/aww
Cross-eyed and curious
Sweet Chihuahua Puppy
New puppy! He's soooo unbelievably adorable!!!! And fell asleep on my lap instantly at home ~~~ :D
Just a big old tortoise enjoying a nice scratch.
I think his yearbook photo turned out pretty well.
Dat tongue!
Baby Ginger Seal shunned by other seals
Silly doge
My friend found an abandoned baby owl in her yard...
I found this guy today. He was the size of a quarter.
this is the only picture i took from my visit to the zoo but i liked him and i named him bruce
Pearl never had a chance in life but her last 2 years were heaven.
Its hard work being a dog
Mika &amp; Friends - Irish Dog Hotel
If I fits I sits...
My sweet new Labrador pup (7 weeks old)
Barkbox came for the Pup, but the best reaction is from the Cat.
Quick kiss? On my forehead? Please?
Rawrrrrrr
Banana for scale
My dog likes to sunbathe
Hairless rat enjoying bath time
My cat sleeps like a dead roach.
She saw a cucumber slice falling, but can't find it
My mom sends me pictures of the dog while I'm at college
Road trip
This is Zeus, his name is Zeus.
A friend of the family found a stray cat in her barn with a few extra....
I met a Hitler cat today. He was very serious.
Meet Lillie, our blue heeler!
He stole my duck.
my cat, whiskers
He's a little slumped
Meet Lola - The Double Doodle
A girl and her dog...
Meal time for baby squirrel
Tick Tock Puppy
The wrestling kitten • /r/Images
Stand back
Let's switch
Drool kitteh is not impressed.
Something woke him up from sleep
My nephew and his dogs
Furbaby Cuddles!!
I bartend. Found this note while cleaning up. I literally Awww'd.
Apparently the neighborhood kids are less scared of me than I thought, since they just knocked on my door because they thought I'd take care of these kittens... They weren't wrong.
Joey had a long day
She refused to walk anywhere with the lead on but damn, she made it look good.
Hard life being a cat.
Meet Jitter and Quincey
My friend has cute ass kittens
This is Stormy. Today is his 12th birthday.
The second only discovered "Pocket Shark"
My Copy Cat &amp; His Big Bro
Reddit meet my 11 year old dwarf standard Poppy. She was flirting with my friend at playtime.
I have also had to double check with the groomer to make sure I had the right dog.
Noodles the Skinny Pig
Pile of Coyote pups, rescued from a wash after an Arizona storm
He makes getting work done near impossible
Missing her peoples
So I tried to take my cat on a walk yesterday...He wasn't having it.
Clever girl
My baby looked cold
Here to save r/aww from crimes
So tired
Cat reflexes
Self grown e-collar
I think he's a canine heartthrob.
Meow! I'm Margaux
Our spoiled wiggle butt Jade
Spent a couple hours helping my mom pick a puppy. This lil chubster was my favorite.
My cat likes to roll around in the grass, got a picture at the right moment
"What have I done to deserve such a thing?"
Derpy Kitty
Reddit meet Ruby. She likes to perch on me.
I was hanging around with a friend and there she was hanging with us.
Blue and green kitty!
Reddit, meet Nala
Sloth Bears Cuddling!
What I come home from work to every day...
Love like only cats can
Someday, I'll learn to Sunday like she can
Bentley sporting his permanent tux
Synchronized Laughing
cat bubble
My cat use to be black.
No, these are definitely my pillows.
Probably the most comfortable pillow I've ever seen
Android stole my Oreos!
If you ask him, he's the most neglected puppy in the world.
North Island Brown Kiwi chick and egg (cross posted from r/kiwi_bird)
Ducklings
Napping in the sun
Made an amigurumi Totoro
A baby bunny that my friends and I rescued from a storm window
I got a new puppy. I don't think my first dog is amused.
Got lucky at the zoo
Little Fella
Goodmorning sweetheart -kitten ive been nursing
Fast asleep ^ ^ - o -
We found this kitten on our boat, so I call him Captain.
For my first post, meet my new bunny.
Fisheye Lens doesn't do our cat any favors....
My Staffy Cedar
Percy is a dirty boy
Rocco's em-bark-ing on a new adventure! He's spending his first night away from Mommy!
Time to rest in the grass
I, too, have a pet trying to get my attention during a game
I haven't seen very many baby chicks on here.
Lazy Sunday..
I don't usually celebrate birthdays, but when I do I prefer balloon rides
Meet our newest family member, Lily!
Reddit, meet Lambchop.
Adorable talking shiba
My dad thought it would be funny to put his hat on Bolt...
Brand new baby trying to hide like Houdini
Pitty smile
I met a baby pygmy goat. Her mom decided to claim me as her property.
Little Sailor Baby wearing his new clothes!
My girl gave birth to a small litter of one. Peppa meets Poppy.
My cat likes to wear orange hats...
Badger is a river dog!
Best friends for life
Found this bear at the mall with my girlfriend
Kitty drinks water by licking it off its paws
Her favourite cushion
Just a bunch of hatched turtles
He only holds the ball like this
My husband didn't want to get a puppy
This derby duo at our friends' dinner last night.
It's hard to sleep on the plane
Kitten in a bib.
Adopted a rescue Golden for my cake day yesterday. My 10 y/o pug stole his bone and won't give it back.
Day 10, they still haven't noticed.
Went to my boyfriend's house to see the newest addition to the family today!
Horse toys are no match for Tina. She's pretty proud of herself.
Aspen is loving the spring and the sunlight
Kisses
A Tegu gets a sausage and some nose pets - Happiest thing ever!
Chester enjoys his sleep
I left the back door open when I left for work...
Awww yis, that's the spot
Sisters in Snuggles
Oscar loves selfie Sunday
Zonked. Long day of terrorising his dog friend
Cheetah cub and mother
My close friend's two month old dumbo rat, SmallDog.
#goatselfie
Kitty Hat
This little guy got to play in the rain for the first time last night. At first he was scared to go out, but after he wouldn't come back inside.
how sweet
Fennec fox is so happy!
When you lay in the floor for two seconds and there's a kitten nearby
It's a love hate relationship
My dog fell asleep while playing with her new favourite racoon toy.
Took our new dog for a walk. She was pooped after a while.
Found my printing problem.
2 buddies looking out the window
This guy waiting for his master in the Von's parking lot
Nietzsche, mah kitteh ket
My friends dog got a little cold during the night...
Tennis ball is life
She was a wild kitty, still mean, but comfortable now
What do ya got there Josie Wales?
When we adopted Murphy from the local shelter he was playing with an old worn out leash and leaves. This picture was taken on his first night home, with all his new toys.
Everyone, meet Scarlett Johansson, my good friend's baby girl
Hot day in Ghana
My friends new kittens! Merry and Pippen!!
My fur baby enjoying the nice weather!
My monkey
Cat nap
I just got him today. He's been sleeping here for the past 6 hours
I don't think she feels pretty..
My puppy looking very confused
I found this little stray on my back porch when I got home.
Great puzzle game you can play with your dog. CHEAP to setup!
Lily's first birthday
Found myself a shoulder meerkat!!
Scruffy Baby Kitty with pink penicillin mouth!
Here's my crochet buddy. He mostly doesn't care about much, but sometimes "supervises" and boops my work as if to "inspect" it. (Crosspost /r/crochet)
Touching Moment As a Nurse See Her Patient Walk Again After Being Completely Paralyzed from the Waist Down with No Explanation As to Why
Happy Birthday to this old man!
Dog shaming
Corvo meeting his new sibling
My best companion Sinestro, kills me with her eyes!
Happy paws
How I feel after pet sitting this guy for a week and having to give him back to his mummy and daddy.
Hi! I love you!
Baby hedgehog
My 13 year old Beau resting at our park.
I have a meerkat :D
Mini Rex rabbit and a Muscovy duckling :3
Paid for this little guy yesterday. Still have to wait a few weeks before I can take him home..
How to know Oscar wants pizza.
This is Mao, my lazy cat.
A year ago, we got our Moon Moon a Little Legs
This little guy just fell on my desk.
Missing out on the springtime party at home.
My little boxer
Our Puggle puppy!
My 7 year old pekingese in the grass on river shore
She knows she's not supposed to be on the counter.
Cats Dancing
Meet Zuko, our new Mini Aussie
A hedgehog came wandering...
What have you done to me human?! You will pay for this...
Me and my Siamese kitty.
Great LOL
"It's been a loong day."
I'm ready to go fast!
Dexter turned 1 today!
Reddit - meet my ginger pal Dexter.
My old man...
He wanted to play ball
She fits.
Jack our fresh bulldog celebrating his first birthday
And they call it puppy love...
Thinking about the possibility of an Einstein Rosenbridge postulating the newly discovered graviton and wether or not it will have an effect on my existence.
Just got this scruffy little guy on Friday. Meet Leo.
My cat amongst the daffodils
I Wuff Southwest!
Professor really thinks he's a human!
Pretty Blues...
Her name's skinny
She always lays like this on me
The first day I got my puppy Buddha.
[M]y First Kong
Ferociously (cute) pitbull
Cute baby manatee
Volunteer work has never been so adorable.
They grow up so fast.
Day 3 of Furby and Noname.
Sean had a late one last night!
Puppy dreams....
Afternoon nap :) little dogie nappy time
Cleaning the litterbox.
Her paw
The sun sure is bright today
For my cake day, Aoimi warning all outside creatures of her intentions
1...2....3.... AWWWW did the little puddy tat get stuck in the jar
The Cutest Couple in the World's Wedding Video
Meet Baxter /aww
Kitty love
2 years of cuteness completed. Its my cakeday.
My little bookworm
My dog took a selfie.
If it fits, I sits: Size XXL
My dog did a bad!
My new puppy loves his wookie. Just carries him around to use as a pillow.
Criss-cross applesauce!
Meet little Depot, found in a pile of mulch at Home Depot. (Sorry for quality)
House sitting for the weekend. All this big guy wants is belly rubs.
My coworker found this tiny little guy outside our office building. I thought you guys might like him!
Casual Rupert.
My sweet kitty, Turtle, loving some belly rubs.
Dakota poking her head out the window
New Bed!
[OC] Welcome to Spring in Cleveland MFs
I introduce "Donald Trump" Pauly
Caturday Night Dinner
Thirsty rat
me: "miesche?" he:
Looks comfortable
My little pup Minty taking a nap. (sorry for the sideways)
If I fits I sits!.
He fell asleep after spending some time on the boardwalk.
I wish there was cats like that,don't you just love cats?
Since my pups have never been up here before...
Sleepy babies &lt;3
He thinks he's a joey
Meet my new pup, Juno!
About as much personality as you'd expect from a cat named Trina.
Smokey
My baby fluff Valentino
I call my lovebird lil headstomper
My baby's one year adoptiversary!♡
My 9 week old kitten fell asleep in my arms. I just fell in love all over again.
Size doesn't mean anything!
Running "Bear" (xpost /r/CanineCosplay)
Rare close up picture of the Canadian white squirrel
Devon Rex Kittens (26 days old)
"Oh yay. Daddy wants to go swimming. Again."
On duty!
Maxin' and Relaxin'
He's a derp, but he's my derp and I love him.
Just adopted Winston from the local SPCA
Everyone meet Gretchen! My family's new puppy. She's already claimed my sister's pillow pet as her own.
Before I can vacuum I have to pay a toll of 25 belly scratches.
Found this at work. Knife for scale
Meet my new mastiff cross deer hound RSPCA rescue-- Nienna.
Having been a dog person all my life it's going to be a whole new feeling raising this little angel
"Flutterby!"
Crush forgot to put his tongue back in
Brian thinks he still is a puppy who can sit comfortably on my lap... He is not.
Felt ill and fed up today. Fiance took to meet this little lady to cheer me up.
A Half-Blind Man is Living a Wild, Wild Life (How and Why..?!)
This baby Carolina chickadee is on my porch and I think it broke its wing. What should I do
Baby steps
My chihuahua mix loving the spring weather.
Doodad is everywhere, as long as it's within the softly-fortified borders of a couch.
My dog got a new bed and a matching toy box (actually supposed to be a cat bed). Hope she doesn't destroy it all too quickly.
Derpy Doberman Fights Water Jet
Baby chipmunk
Toy Australian Shepards want to help lay flooring
Ash and Willow, being casually cute
Whippets find a Lizard, don't know what to do with him
Doffy DJ (x-post funny)
Much Snow
Awkward seal is awkward
Hey...this isn't so baaaAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!
Just adopted this adorable girl. Meet Lotus!
#quokkaselfie
My Cat loves me - She holds my hand
We read somewhere that Home Depot was dog friendly - this is Cleo, our beta tester!
Mine is too fat to climb inside the radiator, so she settles for sleeping on top.
Reddit, meet Arya! She's perfect :3
Reddit, say hi to Lucky!
My fluffy man. Sir Lemmy Kilmister (xpost from r/cats)
Her highness
This is Piper, my best dog friend - any idea what breed she might be?
American Eskimo puppies playing, biting tails. (OC)
Bottle feeding an Iberian Lynx cub
The Handsome Dallas
That look
Lucas decides on iPhone or Android
This cat's face &lt;3
My baby, Augustus Gloop
The newest member of my family
Hide ya kids, hide ya wife, and hide ya husband bcuz Lizzy watchin everybody 'round here
Our 7 Year old is finally accepting our new addition
Clumsy Doge