Master Carlos Gracie Jr. got his coral belt.
My instructor got his black belt yesterday!
slick throw by kid
Pedro Sauer- Passing open guard details
I have too many gis
Advanced knee cut passes - new tutorial
Any DC gyms have a class or open mat on Monday mornings?
Has anyone else experienced their lateral meniscus popping in and out of place?
Experience at World Pro 2015
4 Transitional Escapes Against Opponents Mount Attempt From Top - Jason Scully
MMA Knee on belly
Abu Dhabi Worlds 2015 Best Sweeps. A little something for my killers.
Turf Toe. It plagues myself and many of my students. Does anyone know any tricks or ancient Chinese secrets to help combat it, specifically in BJJ?
Turtle is a great position
Dartanian Bagby shares story where he used BJJ to stop confrontational guy
Anyone know if adcc event is coming to NY this year?
Who makes the lightest Gi?
Can everyone get good at Jiu Jitsu or do some people never pick it up?
Obligatory Blue Belt Post, Start Of The Journey!
Got staph and a little worried
Marcelo Garcia NYC
Tatami sub zero v2, did I screw up?
List of UK seminars?
get how much better through only rolling?
Triangle to Armbar coached by Caio Terra at UFC 186 tonight
Felipe Pena "Preguiça" on WPJJC / IBJJF / Sub Only / Gracie Barra &amp; More
Eddie Bravo shutting down EBI?
Today about 3/4 of our class was comprised of Black Belts, these are just the ones over 50 yrs old. Well over 100 yrs of training between them
Should standing up be my first priority when somebody is in my guard?
Has anyone done the Sunday Roll Out and how was it?
[SPOILER] Armbar from the UFC tonight
Post Weaves - Speed and Reaction drill [Video]
Best gi's under 50 dollars?
My first podcast interview with The Pursuit Podcast. I'm grateful for any feedback. Thanks!
White belt Problems
Awesome Armbar practically "handed over" @ 1:45
Anyone here actually work for the UFC/Zuffa LLC?
Three silvers today
Budo Jake interviews Bruce Bookman, some interesting stuff on training in more than one art, and training in general.
First tourney win, I'm hooked
Any idea why Mackenzie Dern - born in Phoenix, Arizona, USA - has a Portuguese accent?
Rory Miller on Violence, Self Defense, Social Conditioning, and Fear of ...
Hey /r/bjj! How were you introduced to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
The 2015 AZ Copa Bella medals are pretty cool!
Why should and shouldn't you cross your legs for the armbar from mount?
Too old to start? Here is my 61 year old father having his first lesson last night!
Leandro Lo Vs Keenan Cornelius Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Open Class
Is there an interest to bring back a Technique of the Month, like old times?
First-time no-gi competition What should I do?
Shoulder injury from bjj
McKenzie Dern beats Gabi Garcia in the open weight at WPJJC
Defending guard pass where they trap one leg across their waist...
Luiz Panza vs Felipe Pena (Absolute) This is when Panza's leg get broken.
We all need motivation to keep us going!
I love this style of teaching, do you?
Baseball choke tips?
Leandro Lo - Spider Guard Mini Course DVD 4 Free
Straight ankle lock works.
Marcus Almeida vs Leandro Lo Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Open Class Semi Final
Submission(s) you just can't seem to get right?
What belt will I start of with?
Open Weight Men's Finals - ADP
Keep Getting the Same Injury (Sprain to Left Side, Rib-Cage)
SAD NEWS! Luiz Panza fractured both tibia and fibula during his match against Felipe Pena, at WPJJC. It's hard to see in the video what really happened, but it looks like a toehold from the 50/50 position to me. His status has been confirmed by Leo Vieira, leader of Checkmat.
'1 good side is better than 2 bad sides' - Marcelo Garcia
Best techniques for self defense?
Mackenzie Dern Vs Gabi Garcia Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Open Class Semi Final
Paracord BJJ Bracelets - now we can offer high quality custom made bracelet!
My little cheering section today helped me take silver at the IBJJF Nagoya Open today.
So this happened yesterday. I guess I skipped a few levels over the last year and a half :)
Keenan Cornelius vs Felipe Pena ADWP 2015 Open Weight
The time has come! /u/Flying10lbGerbil - ARE YOU STILL TRAINING?
How do you respond to someone who says BJJ is useless and that his bullshido kungfu is the only effective martial art?
For stopping the guard pass: Do you have to learn a specific counter for each pass or are there principles to stick by?
Bjj and diabetes
Rampage Jackson slaps people from every country, except the Brazilians
Mackenzie Dern talks after defeating Gabi Garcia in the Semi Finals of the World Pros Open Weight (Video)
When you get the double underhook body lock: what takedowns are there besides the body fold and the lateral drop?
Hi would anyone want
Leandro Lo - the best bjj player that ever had
GIVEUPKA
Been having issues with bottom half guard, could use some help.
Weird RNC from Invicta MMA last night (courtesty of /u/JagHarReddit)
Is Master Caique Jiu-Jitsu a reputable affiliation?
Does anyone have any advice on lifting weights while training bjj?
Henry Akins in Cottonwood AZ
Gym loyality
Promoted to coach!
Something that has really impressed me about WPJJC
Luiz Panza broke his leg competing today at WPJJC
Is it possible to finish an americana or kimura when rolling light?
Could somebody please give there opinion on this gym?
Promoted to Blue Belt!
I'm writing a series of food blogs for jiu jitsu performance based on my diet and why it works for me. Please read and tell me what you think.
26 match "Abu Dhabi World BJJ Pro 2015" playlist
Would it be appropriate?
Successful triangle ( at 0:35) but opponent then lifts attacker up and off mat-- gets minus 1 point and restarted to standing?
Blue belt promo is Blue!
WPJJC Open weight brackets
Audio book for Cauliflower Chronicles
Training makes traveling better.
"#BJJ" Kik chat?
Episode 79- One of USA’s Top Brown Belts Jared “Megalo” Dopp
Mobility and Flexibility exercises for Shoulders?
What are your favorite no gi videos? Both matches and tutorials :)
Tense match ends in triangle choke-- huge sigh of relief after getting the tap (loud audio) (2 min 45 sec)
Steve Maxwell podcast
One of my matches from the IBJJF Chicago Open...
First competition?
Competing in Adult for the first time after three tournaments at Masters 1, advice?
Anyone have any strength training exorcizes for the rib cage? Any kind of pressure after passing, or being thrown is super painful.
93 hooks gi for 2$ on bjj hq
Great seminar with Carlos Lemos Jr.!
Any Nagoya Open IBJJF Streams this weekend?
Making sense of the Abu Dhabi World Pro Results
SubmissionFC Bamboo Frenzy Gi Review
No Gi Shorts for Competition
With all this knee on belly talk..
Masters &amp; Masters 2 Results?
The most annoying people in BJJ class, No Gi during Gi training.
[Noob post] What is the whole team association thing?
I'm too gentle with my arm bars
Rodolfo Vieira's career in danger because of an injurie in his back
Announcer in need of catchphrase!
What is mat time?
Josh Barnett: "Yes, I have a BJJ Black Belt, But it's Not What You Think."
Anyone train in Spokane/ E. Washington?
What does Kurt Osiander mean with this side control is shit?
Baby armadillo has LEGIT back-takes...
Looking for advice on dealing with someone flexible enough to do this high mount escape without the stiff-arm overhead push.
D'arce as a sweep/control
From sprawl to the back basic motion
World Pro Finals and some other fights..Enjoy
Lessons in Humility
Rolling Deals on BJJHQ!
Eddie Bravo's Interview on Joe Rogan's influence on BJJ
Social location and BJJ(Survey)
How to stay motivated through the journey
D'arce choke set up from side control break down.
Metamoris is Business
Post training shake
Am I a bitch for tapping to [a hard] knee on belly in class?
Two knee bar set ups / counters by Andresa Correa. Can someone explain them in detail
Poorly executed flying armbar
Gym in New Port, Rhode Island /NYC
Ok, I saw the Hitler video mocking it and a meme someone put up but I'm missing something
Tomorrow's Invicta FC 12 main eventer, Livia Renata Souza with a jump guard arm-in guillotine triangle chain.
Mary Janeiro and BJJ.
Abu Dhabi World BJJ Pro 2015 Results
Ponytail choke
Is this a good method to get better at preventing the guard pass?
Neat Berimbolo to Waiter Sweep Setup by Trans against Buchecha
Mayweather vs Pacquiao
Second class is complete!
I feel like this mindset is very applicable to BJJ!
Competed for the first time (addendum)
Small victory tonight!
Abu Dhabi World Pro -95kg final: Felipe Pena x Jackson Sousa
How To Train BJJ With a More Experienced Practitioner (Or At Least This One) - Val Worthington
Finals of the WPCJJ and other matches
Am I spazzy?
Abu Dhabi World Pro -75Kg Purple Belt Final - Pedro Ramalho vs Rolando Samson
Not in the armed services but can I buy this camo gi?
Brown belt judo loses to white belt BJJ watch until end! (warning: loud audio)
Cool bicep slicer from top sidemount
New to BJJ
Relson Gracie blackbelt podcast interview
Are there some basic fakes/misdirections you guys like?
What's your go-to submission against bigger, stronger guys?
How to Fend Off a Dog Attack using BJJ
I'm looking for videos of any sub/sweep from any position involving a figure 4 around your opponent's arm.
Received my Purple belt from some pretty cool guys!
Rodolfo Vieira - WPJJC 2015
Scissor guard triangles - a BJJ tutorial
What did your professor do to you when you got promoted
Abu Dhabi World Pro: Keenan Cornelius x Victor Estima
Janni Larsson announces competitive retirement, aged 27. Thank you and good luck.
Any of you guys stutter?
I feel like crying everytime I think about going back to BJJ...
Stopping at Blue
Help send the inaugural United States Combat Wrestling Team to Bulgaria!
so what submissions can blue belts do that white belts cant? i.e wrist locks/toe holds?
A weird sweep i came up with that i hit regularly
Who are the highest ranking American black belts?
Body triangle from closed guard?
Any one feel like this after class?
Guard passing
New to the sport
Got promoted to brown belt earlier this month, just forgot to post xD
thank you /u/Ender1982 for the new gi!
Lo Vs Estima, 2015 Abu Dhabi. (8:13)
My first attempt at the advanced (nogi) division - any critique/advice please
Pedro Sauer- Stopping your opponent from standing in your closed guard
Double leg steps?
ABU DHABI PRO LIVE THREAD: U PSYCHED?
Storm Typhoon
Counter to 50/50 guard
Jiu Jitsu in Rome
Pedro "Paquito" Ramalho - Purple Belt Highlight. Took gold in the Euros and now gold again in WPJJC beating Rolando Samson in the final. Remember the name!
Is there a more definitive schedule for worlds online anywhere?
Benefits of living in Dubai: World Pros in TGIF
visiting Marcelo Alonso in Seattle?
WPJJC results?
In what (non-physical) ways has jiu jitsu changed you for the better or worse?
Gracie Barra GI
Sleep after training.
Need legit advice, training partners vs. instructor's detailed coaching??
How do I knee on belly into mount?
Rolling with Big Guys
Abu Dhabi Live stream: Finals going on now!
Nice Piece of Writing About Female 40-Something Starting to Train
Consistency?
Inside BJJ - Lloyd Irvin: Pretty much talks about everything and anything
Fabric softener?
Murilo Santana vs Francisco Iturralde (2015 Boston Spring final)
Asked if I've wrestled before...
Did my first class!
Tatami Zero G v3?
10th Planet San Francisco
Whats your experience with Adidas gi's like?
Paulo Miyao vs Gianni Grippo (2015 Boston Spring final)
Another BJJ Professor sexual abuse scandal in Portland, OR. :-(
IAmA human version of a giraffe...how should I protect my neck, strengthen it, warm it up best?
An amusing interview with a women's champion and Pete Holmes
You died and went to BJJ hell. What awaits you?
It sucks but it happens, what has been your worse Jiu-jitsu injury?
Scramble cryptic marketing. Answers on a post card, please!
Good pair of grappling shorts?
Watch The Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Stream Here!
FREE LIVE STREAM: Abu Dhabi World Professional Jiu-Jitsu Championship 23-25 April
UAE JIU JITSU FEDERATION Live Stream for Abu Dhabi Pro
João Miyao vs Paulo Roberto Santana (2015 Boston Spring final)
took 2 weeks off, came back and crushed it. wtf?
White Belt Wednesday - 04/22/15
Can anybody give an opinion on Contract Killer gi-s?
What is the lighest Gi on the market at the minute?
Trying to find a specific DVD set and looking for some help.
Brackets for Abu Dhabi Pro 2015 Posted!
BJJ in vancouver
Do any of you have personal experience in the quality of Break Point jiu-jitsu gis compared to Tatami jiu-jitsu gis?
Kimura from Closed Guard Question.
Who loves worm guard?
With all of the fake quotes and jokes about Ralek and Metamoris, it is only fair that we share some of his actual wisdom.
2 Months into my journey
Hitler reacts to Ralek Gracie's G in a Gi (2014 by TheRealHero1)
Step over choke from side contol?
How can I not get smashed by the bigger guys
Can someone identify this choke
The ol' "cardboard gi" effect. (After hang dry, prior to tumble in dryer)
Double Under hook pass to truck?
First class at RCJ Machado in Dallas tomorrow!
Has anyone done the Dolce Diet?
When did you realize your "mortality"?
Kurt Osiander Rockin the Fro!!
Schedule , brackets , predictions and live stream for the World Pro 2015
Strenght being experienced.
What to get the BJJ instructor who has everything?
Soooo...What's in your gym bag?
Counter when one scrambles to a single leg from sidemount
LC Davis vs Hideo Tokoro: LC Davis and Coach Travis Conley Review Heel Hook Attempts From the Fight
Rehabbing After Armbar Injury
How does one become a triangle ninja?
Royce Gracie and his upper belts vs high school wrestlers (watch out for that guillotine)
Brand New Storm F-Lite Gi - Jiu JItsu (BC Canada)
Worm guard problems
Can /r/bjj *please* make medical advice posts against the rules?
Approaching a guard pass?
Why did Royce wear a gi in the ufc?
I Received My Purple Belt on Sunday, Here's What I Learned During My Time At Blue Belt
Bad shoulders, back, neck, chest... PT recommends Yoga.
Class before work. What do you with your gi?
Encountered the stinkiest of Gi's today
Crowdfunding Indiegogo/Kickstarter etc
Here's a simple passing/back take drill that you can easily do with a partner. Guard Pass-Leg Drag-Back Take - Atos Jiu Jitsu Oceanside, CA
It’s Science: Mackenzie Dern | BishopBjj.com
REDBELT (2008)
Congrats to Marcelo-Here is Marcelo Jr.
What tiny ways has BJJ helped you?
Competing this weekend at Extreme Grappling Open in Indiana. This is all I can think about!
Critique my lifting program for BJJ?
Dynamic stretching, warm up suggestions?
Kron Gracie's Guillotine
I do not understand the arm-in guillotine...
How To Get DQ'd in BJJ part 4. Funny!
Differences between MGA and Unity?
What are some of your "that's what she said" moments from training?
Need some advice
Can anyone shed light on what Eddie is getting at?!
I was "awarded" this by a purple belt I often roll with. (He hung it on my gi and winked.)
Taiwan instructor dies from heart attack during class. Donations appreciated.
BJJ Black Belt steps down amid allegations of sexual assault
Sick passes? Recommendation to be one step before the guard player?
How to judo throw a wrestler
Any British students interested in a university BJJ competition next year?
Jack Taufer demonstrates proper posture in guard
Missed my BJJ class to study for exams
(Warning: JUDO) Teddy Riner prank is hilarious.
Hey, we all love Gabi Garcia, but this pic is begging for some funny captions
Buchecha applauds Rockhold's jiu jitsu ability
Las Vegas BJJ schools?
What position do you perform best in, and what are some of your favorite moves/sequences to use from there?
High level wrestlers with little-no BJJ experience vs. black belts?
12-hour Rollathon for Luis Morales' bone marrow transplant on May 9th in South Florida. All are welcome!
Promoter asking gyms to boycott other events in city
Probably a repost but some really cool mma submissions.
World Pro 2015 stream schedule?
Starting at a new gym
Reusing One Gi 2x/1 Day
5 Old School Rules. How many does your academy/dojo use?
Deciding between gyms. I'd like your input.
Who's your favorite bjj guy
Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 - how is your crew looking/doing?
Help, I'm too passive and under-committing when rolling
Does anyon have any Murillo Santana video Boston Open?
Teammates match at the Boston Open over the weekend fast forward to the 2:20 mark for a good bow and arrow choke from the back
Grappling industries Melbourne- how tough is this comp going to be?
[Video]Daniel Strauss (UK BB) competing at Ninja Warrior
What do leg locks feel like?
Is this technique legal?
This is dumb as hell, but it's Hulk Hogan putting an unsuspecting dude out with the front naked choke.
Patches
What does the Plata mean at the end of moves?
Went to a new gym today, got my ass handed by an inch worm.
Chris Weidman 5 minute video teaching at Tri-Star. Pretty awesome stuff. I think he's near the pinnacle of what a wrestler transitioning into a sub grappler can become
2008 World Champion freaks out, try to beat his girlfriend, destroys a hotel and smashes the life out of a random guest with a chair
GiReview: ACIMA white (best deal on gi at the moment!)
Hey Lick (comic)
How can i gain flexibility?
Slick Sub from the Juvenile division yesterday
Ankle strength
How does Bernardo Faria deal with the crossface when doing deep half?
Clark Gracie interview, adorable
Possible head injury?
What kind of sick pass technique is that at 0:27 seconds
Hook sweep defense
Best picture of me possibly ever
I was inspired to make this based on Paulo Miyao's quote.
Looking for a good gym in Northern Virginia
Check out my interview with 50/50 Black Belt Seph Smith
BJJ works in a street fight against 100lbs+ opponent
Felipe 'Preguiça' Pena ADCC 2015 Trials mini-highlight || BJJ Hacks
70 year old wrestling guru does not spare the rod
OSS Clothing
After winning gold at boston open on saturday, i got my blue this morning!
Marketing American Jiu-Jitsu
Anyone tried "Body X Guard"?
Match of the Week - Michelle Nicolini vs. Luanna Alzuguir - 2013 Brazilian Nationals
My professor keeping it playful
Dillon Danis Brown Belt Highlight
rotating a video
ADCC Rio -88kg final - Felipe Preguiça vs Isaque Bahiense (purple belt)
I guess I didn't lose it afterall
Ryan hall teaches you the rolling back take, drunk*. (*If you set the video speed to 0.5)
Rnc
How is the Effective Wrist Locks for BJJ dvd/set from Budovideos?
Anyone know anything about the Clinch Academy or their head instructor (very, um, interesting lineage)
Sao Paulo guard pass?
Spider Crawl Drill
I love this fight even though my hero lost. Leandro Lo vs Keenan Cornelius
Perfect example how heel hooks can be safe
Does naga allow a 1lb weight allowance?
I wrote an article about police training and jiu jitsu. It's a little harsh, but Rener approved...
Bruising
Jorge Gurgel talks Return to high-level BJJ Competition / Advantages &amp; Stalling / Renzo Gracie / WPJJC / and more
Submission-ony BJJ event May 2 in Connecticut!
Shoutout to my new homie with excellent defense against a triangle and scramble to get the toe hold finish.
What seminar benefited you the most?
Videos from IBJJF Boston?
Tournament Mentality - Could use some advice
Weight Cut advice and tips?
1st match - looking for some feedback
What's your best/favourite guard pass?
Can someone explain wtf is going on with the scoring at the end of this match? Malfacine vs Miyao
One of my matches from a tournament yesterday
I'm having problems with mount escape
World Pro 2015 promo cartoon
Won Gold at Bristol Open Brown Belt Super Heavy
Yay new flair!
Heel hook , the devil's technique
Nasty ankle break via heel hook at NAGA yesterday
BJJ omoplata drils
A guide for everyone. Xpost r/coolguides
What makes an expensive gi worth its price to you?
BJJ as a philosophy on life - the residual effects of training.
Setting up the triangle choke from side control (new tutorial!)
Dartanian Bagby Teaches How To Pass The Guard
Any JitsGrips users here?
[Technique] Michael Liera Jr. - Spider Guard Triangle Choke. A different angle of attack for the triangle.
Anyone in their prime, who wins submission only 175-200 lbs or so in the gi?
Joe Conery vs Joao Miyao - 2015 Boston Open
Gi's with tailored fitting pants
Marcus Almeida "Buchecha" talks Rodolfo Vieira / CheckMat / MMA Debut / WPJJC &amp; More
Meme I Made: When Ralek Tells You To Look Cute for Metamoris...
Hit this spinal lock, bow and arrow hybrid ages ago and wondered if it had a name
Any NAGA competitors out there?
My pelvis is twisted. Has anyone ever has this happen to them? I am looking for answers as to what is happening and why.
Help with this sizing chart?
Ask r/bjj: Has anyone moved across country/to another country, with the intent to live and train at the better academy? Please tell me your story.
Thoughts on winning with "cheap" techniques?
i made my purple debut this Saturday. any tips on increasing my cardio. I felt i was only trying to survive because of how tired i felt. I under performed to how i normally do in training.
Won gold at Boston Open today!
Car trip to the UP (MI) from Atlanta over the 4th of July are there any schools I should visit along the way.
Gi or no-gi, which one do you prefer or enjoy the most?
This just in: Jacare is still good at jiu-jitsu..
Favorite music pre-comp?
What do you tape?
Southeast Tournaments
Womens BJJ Camp | Next Weekend, St. Louis
Another fast paced Irish Blue Belt Match between Andrew McGahon [Team Torres] and Richard Buckovscan [ECJJA] vs Andrew McGahon [Team Torres] - Grapplepalooza World Cup 2015
Seattle to San Francisco
Jacare's Horizontal Wall Walk Pass from UFC on Fox 15
Cool Breakdown of Jimy Hettes Grappling Sequence vs. Diego Brandao from Last Night's UFC card in NJ
Arm Triangle from UFC on Fox 15
Swap Meet Sunday
Keenan Cornelius - Cross Choke Instructional
Competed for the first time.
type of game you play
I'm wondering if jiu-jitsieros would agree with this conclusion I'm settling on.
getting frustrated and discouraged. Help!
Beast Mode Seoi Nage
World Pro Streams?
jacare could get a title shot next
I usually don't do things like this, but here goes...
Won gold at tap cancer out. Amazing tourney , amazing environment.. Along with a bloody nose
My son won his first tournament going 3-0!
How to escape a rear naked choke (UFC on Fox spoilers)
My 6-year-old daughter just started training in BJJ, and I was a little worried how it'd go...
How do the belts line up with chess pieces
Today I had the honor to roll with Bernardo Faria, it really means a lot to a 16 year old kid when a world champion says you are tough.
Tap Cancer Out was fucking phenomenal.
Overcoming fear of injuries/hypochondria.
How to not get gassed in side control/mount?
What Would Help Our Community?
Brown town; population me.
How to get guys to stop treating me like a "girl?"
Super detailed leg shuck guard pass &amp; counter tutorial (including the counter to the counter to the counter to the guard pass)
Sambo Rolling knee bar - BJJ Mississauga
3 money making practices I dislike
Daily reminder that this death could have been prevented #BJJ saves lives
Awesome triangle choke: Richard Hale v Nik Fekete
How To Get Kidnapped While Making Gis in Pakistan
Lulu's first roll
Triangle choke slow mo (youtube link 15 seconds)
Austin TX
at our seminar today, it came up that i should start working on a guard game...
flexibility and BJJ
Anyone trained at AoJ or Atos?
Safe Blast Double Takedown for 2 points [Video]
JiuJitsu Mag: Huge Purse for Women’s Jiu-Jitsu
After 3 long years I finally joined my blue belt brethren
I got a good, good feeling
killing me with this pass
I made a highlight video, enjoy if you may
Any of you guys in Kansas?
93 Brand Standard Issue or Flow Air?
I am going to ask a really stupid question, but I need help looking for rash guard bottoms...
Been scouring the internet looking for Dean Lister's "punch pass" from top half with no success. Does anyone have the link? Or a similar video?
Davi Ramos ADCC 2015 Trials mini-highlight || BJJ Hacks
Rolling With New Students
Washing White Gis
Bottom half guard help.
JIU JITSU STEREOTYPES
NHL Player does pulls guard in line brawl.
Do any of you watch videos before training....
Obligatory blue belt promotion post! 2 gyms, 3 years and amazing coaches and training partners...and also r/bjj!
Finally! Same belt as Jon Jones!!
Are You Learning The Art Or Learning Jiu Jitsu With Physicality?
Ralek Gracie on Women and Exclusive Contracts in Metamoris
beginner private lessons, too soon?
Six years to get here, but at least I'm no longer a complete numpty.
When does the Metamoris 6 countdown come out?
I just stumbled across this video of the kids 2015 PanAm Championships...wow.
Alternatives to pulling guard or going for throws?
Tried to join a gym
I can't help feeling that the stat graph might not be correctly representing the data....
Very cool BJJ match of a male wrestler vs a female BJJer
Did you sign up your kids for bjj? If so did they like it?
Framing medals
Fellow jiu jiteiros with long hair: what do you with it when you roll?
Video: Slick lapel choke from arm bar defense from Renato Tavares
[KOL] PROMO for the 2015 IBJJF WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS
[WIKI] - Basic strength training info added to the /r/bjj wiki, you can refer basic "how do I get stronger?" queries to the wiki now.
BJJ gyms near UCLA
Sparring higher rank question
As an inexperienced No Gi guy, does anyone have some tips for transitioning my Gi Jiu Jitsu game into a nonexistent No Gi game?
Metamoris 6 card posted... Barnett vs Cyborg
Very cool behind the scenes video of Polaris (part 1)
What was your worst martial arts loss? I was pinned in 7 seconds in high school wrestling.
Arm Drag tips? Videos?
Favourite Rash Guards
Getting into DHP
How to Ease Back into Training??
Analyzing The Ground Game Of Lyoto Machida: The Rolling Dragon (Old Post in Honor of Machida)
Help on sweeps
At what point when your guard is getting passed do you figure it is too late for full guard and go half guard?
Favorite grip exercise besides BJJ training?
White Belt, starting no gi classes
Is athletic tape IBJJF legal?
What should I do?
On training all the time
Looking for a good fitting Gi
Single Leg Sit Thru to Berimbolo Combo my coach is trying out.
Gym Etiquette and the Eager White Belt
Pre-tournament meals
Going to be in Tucson in a couple of weeks....
This happened to me Yesterday
Choke from side control where opponents arm is stuck under your armpit?
This Happened to Me Yesterday
Am i progressing normally?
Does anybody know of any BJJ or grappling tournaments in the SF Bay Area?
Looking for an iOS/Android BJJ app maker (pref. UK based)
Tatami Tank
[Motivation/Fitness] The Path to the Strongest Version of Yourself. (Not directly BJJ related but applicable to the struggles we go through)
Weight cutting advice
How much luck is involved with injuries in jiu jitsu?
Should belt promotion posts really be allowed on this subreddit?
He got his feelings hurt.
Dealing with Competition nerves?
Matheus Diniz passes Yago De Souza's guard @ NY Open (Brown Belt Absolute)
I wont be able to train for 2 months, how do I maintain my skills?
I got my black belt a year ago 4/13/14. This is what I've learn over the last year.
San Fran, bay area BJJ schools.
Detectives / police work needed – asking r/BJJ for help!
Anyone train in Fresno? Are there any classes or open mats on Sunday?
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Suggestions for building strength.
People who train very seriously (4+ times a week): What do you do for jobs?
My experience training BJJ at Google
Bit of a dilemma
The perfect counter to "I need to get into shape before starting BJJ"
Atama Mundial: Worth the Money?
[x-post] from r/mma, Rickson Gracie vs Painful Reflexologist
X-Guard to the Back, when basic sweep doesn't work.
How to market gear to BJJ without ads or other BS offensives to the soul.
New gi suggestions?
Robson Moura vs Jeff Glover, anyone got a link?
Why the Rashguard?
Question about taking the back
Jon Satava vs. Kayron Gracia - NY Open 2015
Kurt Osiander's Move of the Week - Half Guard Sweep
not sure if i can resist this nerddom
The National Post (Canada) writing positively about MMA...
Just got the diagnosis: Torn ACL and meniscus.
I could use some advice. I'm going to Cleveland for a couple months any gym recommendations?
Matheus Diniz v. Yago De Souza
Adidas JJ500 Gi
Knee got popped in heel hook 7 days before weigh ins
That's neat how you guys train with rules and rounds, but it wouldn't work in the streets.
Overtraining?
BJJ Fantasy Matchup: Marcelo vs a prime Rickson
Question about formalized online academies
Any gyms open in Boston this weekend?
What's your BJJ tour or the U.S.?
Does BJJ attract many “recreational” type of students?
Recent interview with Metamoris CEO Ralek Gracie!
Can you wear a GI with a rash guard lining in ibjjf run competitions?
Anyone else going to Tap Cancer Out, this Saturday?
Issues with class curriculum
White belt blues...
Found a gym in the South Florida are not sure if legit?
Here's a cool quote that my coach hit us with last night!
Cool pic
BJJ Library Challenge 1 Preview - The Sleeper
Favorite Gi for $120 or less?
What really happens when you bite an armbar
Good gyms in Brea, CA that welcome drop-ins?
Art of Manliness - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Basic Moves Part I
Awesome wrestling throw against bigger opponent
Met Roger Gracie last night (also the first opportunity for a obligatory belt promotion post!)
Rotator cuff strain two weeks out from competition -- advice?
Onnit Steel Clubs and Maces
Obligatory 'please cut your nails' post
New to BJJ and significant bruising. I'm not concerned, but should I? See photo in post.
Started a BJJ clothing line with my coach. Be amped to hear what my /r/bjj cohorts think.
Went to a small local Sambo tournament. Here's a video. (Short, annotated rules)
John Jones competing at the 2008 Northeastern Grappler's Challenge
Ralph Gracie with a ridiculous arm bar escape
Intro
Converting my living room to a drilling area and back again... A mat to cover the floor?
Allen Sachetti - anyone heard of him?
Opinion needed...
Interesting US Military study of hand-to-hand combat used in Iraq and Afghanistan
My Instructor Has Released 'Belt Requirements' . . Thoughts?
Brand new. Do I start BJJ at an MMA gym or at a Gracie BJJ school that costs twice as much?
Since its, Jeff Glovers bday, here's the Super Mario Glover highlight from a few moons back.
Gyms in Calgary
What are your go to submissions when your rolling?
Drop, Lock, and Pop it: The Theory of Leg Lock Positioning and Entries.
Jon Jones ‘Aims for BJJ Black Belt’ but Coach Won’t Promote Him to Blue Belt yet
Does Eddie Bravo's half-guard game work in the gi?
Had a great weekend!
Video Critique Request: I was in an exhibition match at a skills showcase! Rip into my lousy wrestling and call me names!
ZuriGi.com - new review from gireviews.net
Looking for new gym in Macon/Warner Robins GA area.
Is this the next big Combat Sport?
BJJ Private Lesson | Dr Jits | Guest: Tim Peterson | Host: Amechi
Sores From Training/Mat Abrasions?
Dean Lister's SICK Inside Foot Lock
How do you guys deal with lower back pain?
What other BJJ sites do you guys frequent?
Cauliflower ear?
Does anybody check this thread to see if they are part of someone's highlight reel?
With the abundance of medical questions here, who here actually works in medicine ?
Rome Open - Black belt adult male - Ultra Heavy final
White Belt Wednesday - April 15, 2015
first time attending a seminar this saturday...
How To Make Time For Strength &amp; Conditioning?
Any other lanky guys have trouble with top control?
NEW LEANDRO LO HL
Royce Gracie Behind The Scenes - GRACIE HANGOUT Ep. 01
New bjj-centric clothing line shot some pretty sick shots of the NY OPEN IBJJF CHAMPIONSHIP, give em a look
Has anybody ever "solved" reoccuring back knots?
Rener Gracie Rolling w/ Two Stripe Gracie University Blue Belt
Injury trouble.
Marcus Buchecha, Lucas Leite &amp; Luiz Panza hold a joint Super Seminar ahead of the world prof JJ championship in Dubai
I can't find any gyms that only offer BJJ near my house
BJJ in Padang, Indonesia?
Heatch, The Director's Cut - From The Renato Laranja Show
Newbie feeling out of depth
Quick question: Deep half guard in mma?
ADCC Rio: Roberto “Tussa” Alencar x Marcus Vinicius
22-year-old martial artist opens jiu-jitsu studio - Thoughts?
[AskBJJ] those of you who are purple/brown belt instructors, how does it work?
judo and jiu jitsu questions?
Disengaged guard when your opponent is standing and you cant sit up or get up?
Roberto Tussa's Not Ready to Give Jon Jones His Blue Belt | FIGHTLAND
Question about slamming
So I snapped my ACL in a comp
Video: A Whole Day with Gabi Garcia &amp; A Special Message to Ronda Rousey
Mackenzie Dern - Getting Closer To My Dream
Hyperextended my knee yesterday. Any tips on treating it?
From Yemaso to Legacy with Marcos Torregrosa
VIDEO — Marcelo Promotes Black Belts #10, #11, and #12
Attack Options from the Chicken Wing | Side Control
Jiu Jitsu study aims to soothe symptoms of PTSD
The competition mindset for the average Joe
A short match that I impressed myself with a couple of weekends ago!
Any 10P guys in the house? Looking for help/mentor.
Neck care/recovery
Surprise challenge in the gym BaldiniBJJ. I won by submission at 2min of fight and 7-0 in points.
Wrist injuries
Keenan vs. Xande will be a gi match!
My cringe moment tonight at BJJ
Other BJJ websites around the world
First Post on r/BJJ! - What are your goto attacks from the turtle position?
Grand Master's arsenal
Any tall/lanky fighters to look up to?
My first BJJ class (sorry long post)
Is it bad to mess around with really unorthodox moves?
Best weight class?
Scary situation
The aftermath of my very first BJJ class. I'm hooked but definitely need some calluses! Damn floor mats...
Updated Gi List for Tall and Skinny Folk
Balancing training with college? No problem.
Finally back after 6 month layoff
Is there a BJJscout for wrestling?
new BJJ Hacks highlight of ADCC Trials in Rio from this weekend
My Favorite Aspect of Bjj
BJJ Stats: Mackenzie Dern
What is the safest way to transition out of reverse mount?
Looking for a good knee brace
My new favourite Spider Guard variation, plus a great example of what you can do from there...
This week we go over a few different style arm drags from the seated guard. If you like, please share,like, subscribe! ‪#‎techniquetuesday‬
KEENAN CORNELIUS VS XANDE RIBEIRO: NOW IN A GI!
Is there a difference from Traditional BJJ and Gracie jiu jitsu.
Gifs: There's a very-very-very-lite version of Ronda Rousey in UFC strawweight division. Maryna Moroz 5 of 6 wins via armbar.
I think jitsu saved my life today.
CM Punk new video teaching the Kimura from guard
Chael Sonnen: "Metamoris was/is the only sporting event ive had fun participating at."
Mansher Khera (MGA) vs Zata Toscano (Fabio Clemente BJJ) at NY Open 2015, Opening Round
Giving up the back
Ask /r/BJJ: Bad Instructors?
Class teaching styles (different approaches)
An article I wrote on the types of instructionals , pros , cons and how to use them. Any feedback will be appreciated
Is there a name for this style of straight ankle lock? Particularly the placement of my left foot in the picture.
Streetfighter jiu jitsu edition feat. Mendes bros on canvas
What do you guys think of this gi? Is it IBJJF approved? ^~^
So we got hit by load shedding at training
My first experience rolling
FIGHTLAND's "Inside Eddie Bravo's 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu"
Yoga for BJJ (Brazilian Jiu Jitsu): Interview with Sebastian Brosche (Yogaforbjj.net)
Thinking of starting bjj (again) but i'm worried
What do you guys eat before class?
BJJ, lower back pain, and foam rollers.
Anyone have any recommendations for gyms in Kingston, Ontario?
bjj curriculum vs regular teaching/learning styles?
Rules Clarification
When should you ever mount in sport bjj?
ADCC South American Trials 2015 Rio de Janeiro – Results
How to put pressure on someone from side control?
Strong Wrapping Underhook to Knee Tap Takedown
Sign in if your girlfriend/SO/wife trains BJJ
Trying to make a comprehensive list of gyms in Ohio with open mat times, to make it easy to visit when traveling, explore other gyms, and possibly dojo storm. Appreciate any additions.
Any comments about the BJJ at Five Points Academy in NYC?
Hitchhiker Escape Neck Injury
Promotion TimeLines
Century Gear?
Al Hashemi pushes for Jiu Jitsu to be included in 2020 Olympics
Today I told the stinky guy that he was stinky...
What do you keep track of with regards your training?
Purple is my new favorite color!
We think our coach is Wes Bentley's stronger doppelganger. What do you guys think?
Lost my enthusiasm?
Must listen BJJ podcast suggestions?
Newest Marcelo Garcia Blackbelts
I'm a shorter, somewhat stocky guy and I really like improv guillotines from weird angles. I've also noticed while watching the UFC that the Team Alpha Male camp likes these guillotines. Is there something about being short and stocky that's good for guillotines?
I need your honest thoughts on a rolling issue
Just saw this post on r/AskReddit, thought some of us might have something to contribute
Dillon Danis Flying Triangle
Training in NYC on Sunday
Keenan Cornelius, new black belt.
Dillon Danis vs. Yago de Souza, NY Open Brown Belt Middleweight Final
One of my all time favorite BJJ memes
Cool Tim Kennedy video with some good half guard stuff for mma
Need 'thank you' gift ideas for my purple belt boss.
Does anybody a Koral Original?
Want to start but have no idea what place to choose
Introducing the Black Belt Dream Team
Considering this Marcelo Garcia DVD Set, is it good?
Couple of Questions About NoGi
Are this ADCC Florida trails legit ?
HAHA, Mr. Yuk BJJ Shirt!
PSA /r/BJJ Mother's Day is Tomorrow. What have you gotten your mom?
Blue belt promotion!
Update to my dilema
Can't stay in Mount
Oh no it's real (McGregor tattoo)
I got 1st at the NY Open!
Felipe Pena vs. Victor Estima 2015 ADCC Rio Trials
New Women Invitational to Offer One of Biggest Cash Prize Ever to Female Grapplers
Out with an injury 6 to 8 weeks....
Kit Dale gets tapped out by Yoga Instructor
EBI Radio: Eddie Bravo discusses EBI4/Ralek/DillonDanis/GaryTonon start at ~1:00
Amazing triangle choke attacks from Finfou, thankfully now fully recovered (as you can see) after last year's freak injury saw him temporarily paralysed
Regarding Eddies IG post
How has jiu-jitsu evolved over the last 5-10 years?
Escape from the North South (69) prison!
Your go to/highest percentage closed guard sweeps and submissions in No-gi ?
Hip bump sweep details?
Got myself a promotion! I'm top right!
How long to wait to check on an injury
Paulo Miyao vs Gianni Grippo: Guard Pass Analysis
Refs of R/BJJ what's the worst call you've ever made?
What are the disadvantages of training every day, if any?
US Grappling Raleigh this coming Saturday!
Where can I find bjj related clothes or cool related accessories?
Giant white belts
Critique my match from yesterday please!
Tips on standing/closed guard guillotines?
Recommendation for a Mouthguard for class/rolling
Guillotene from mount?
White belt curriculum
Buyers Guide for Jiu Jitsu Kimonos / Gi
Older, big guy, knee problems when crouching
Does belt rank even really mean anything?
Rodolfo Vieira talk ahead of the World pros says Unsure he will fight at 100% or Open Weight this year
Does anybody else hate the bjj "fashion" pics where people pose outside with kimonos on?
Noob looking for advice
BJJers whose parent(s) or children also train BJJ, how has it affected your relationship?
Ranked Rash Guards
Armlock escape to leglock counter(s)
JJ Machado - quick Armbar transition from opponent rolling under for a single. Pretty dang slick!
Good bjj gym in the north San Diego area?
Best BJJ books for somebody returning to BJJ?
Whats the ugliest/worst looking BJJ gear you have seen?
Street-Jistu - Well Almost.
Gi suggestions for this price point
My opponent in the finals of New Breed Atlanta Ultimate Grappler qualifier
Does anyone know who makes this hoodie?
Thought you guys might get a kick out of this (pun intended)
I feel like my class is to slow and basic for me
A Cool Spinning Triangle Choke from the Leg Lasso Spider Guard
First time for me today...
Eddie Bravo rolling with student at 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu
An oldie, but a goodie! Jeff Glover VS Joel Tudor. Lots of good no gi deep half stuff
Need to add new submissions to my arsenal
Never been so happy over a piece of tape! #onestripe
Developing of BJJ &amp; Grappling in Thailand.
Cris Cyborg says she got invited to compete at ADCC 2015 in Sao Paolo.
Gyms in Atlanta (or surrounding)...
Resources on Closed Guard
Do I have a chance?
Yesterday my instructor, coach, and second father, Cliff Harris, received his black belt from Roger Machado.
DAE Shower before training?
BJJ Paradise Camp | June 19, 2015 | Paros, Greece
A 20 second triangle.
Anyone have videos from IBJJF NYC? Yago vs Danis?
Cool sidemount escapes my friend shows
Discussion: How does one "go out"?
Kit Dale post to Twitter &amp; Instagram.
Swap Meet Sunday
I asked Metamoris why it doesn't have more women compete. This is what I was told.
Dont train when you dont feel good
"The most important thing...ENJOY IT." Keen advice from Abraham Marte
Countering the granby?
Setting up and finishing the arm triangle from guard - tutorial
How long do gis last?
Did McGregor compete at the IBJJF No Gi Europeans yesterday or did I miss something?
Hey r/BJJ, is executing kimura from mount as practical as the other submissions like arm bars, guillotine chokes and cross chokes?
Paulo Miyao vs Gianni Grippo -NY Open 2015
Any reports or anecdotal info about the pay in Metamoris and other of these grappling shows. Polaris etc?
Busted: Fake 5th Degree Gracie Barra BJJ Black Belt in Germany
Blind Jiu-Jitsu competitor proves he’s anything but a pushover
How don't major competitors break?!?!
Anyone have videoof kayron vs satava
Favorite BJJ Slogan/quote
Which class to sign up for?
Dominyka Obelenyte vs Rachel Demara - NY Open 2015
Upcoming tournament near Pittsburgh
So Kleos are giving out Hammers, NAGA give belts...what would you like for winning absolute?
Armor Kimonos Red Velvet gi review
Chilean Necktie from Side Control
Spats.
Gotta switch gyms briefly, I need an opinion on one of their policies for new members.
Motivation
If you could recommend one gi based on your rolling experience what would it be?
10th Planet Guys help me out here
Competiton: When weighing in with Gi on, does the belt have to be wore also?
Old guy question: competing at masters and adult?
Legit fight scenes from John Wick with some cool BJJ.
Am i delusional or is this kinda awesome..
I made something for those of you who want to start BJJ but are scared. Put this on your mirror and THINK TWICE!
THE BJJ SHOW: Kit Dale
No Gi with belts on at Braulio's school?
Sergio Moraes X Leandro Lo SUPERFIGHT Copa Podio May 9th Just announced!!! FREE LIVE STREAM
Nice Ankle Pick, Great takedown to set-up a Guard Pass [Video]
(X-post from r/MMA) Some of the best submissions in MMA
Keenan Cornelius Marianas Open 2015 Highlights.
Need some hair advice from other women
Cant find keenan vs xande copa podia fight vid, can anyone help me out?
beautiful submission found in r/mma
Finished first tournament. Looking for advice.
Help: I've got Schauber at my Academy.
my new belt and I don't get along who is the problem me or the belt
Can somebody explain something in point fighting to me?
American Cup Stream CA, San Jose
Talk to me about Origin gear
Very small guy
[SPOILER] Branch vs McElligott submission finish
Is there a BJJ related website or web app you would like to see built?
Your opinion on superhero rashguards?
Dean Lister Teaches the Corkscrew Foot Lock
Thinking of starting. Are there "pre-requisites"?
My 2yr old likes to start the morning with BJJ drills
No doubt about it, I'm definitely getting better.
Does anybody know if there is a schedule for the BJJ American Cup in San Jose
TIFU I lied about my rank.
Donny Yen butt scooting, omoplata, back control, triangles and more
Is it acceptable to learn certain submissions at home and practice them during rolling?
Sharing my second ammy mma Armbar submission win with r/bjj
Tomoe Nage sweep to Armbar from my first match at Pans
When will I start learning throws in BJJ?
Do you tap when your face is being pressed into your opponent's junk?
Preventing skin infections
How do I escape this shenanigans kneeling headlock? I was actually being choked (arm-out). Serious answers please
My new Fav Gi company!
Training like the current P4P like he is: Rafael Mendes details his training methods for more power and endurance.
emergency teaching opportunity
I have a dilemma...
Stains on brand new white mat!!!
I am firm believer in Compression gear for BJJ. Here is an article that supports my belief. What do you think?
crazy backtake sequence from Pete O'Neal (sharing atos jiu jitsu knowledge)
Flair guidelines?
Virtual Open Mat, YouTube's 360 video experience (new vid)
Visiting Portland soon. Recommendations for gyms to drop in for Fridays and Saturdays?
Been really discouraged lately about BBJ. Just came back from a bad fever and landed my first textbook triangle!
My Jiu-Jitsu Championship Journey Ep1 - BJJHacks
The scenery at a beach sub tournament i participated in, while visiting Taiwan last weekend
Sponsorship - how common is it, and what do you normally get from it?
New gi suggestions - Fed up with my Vulkan Pro-Light
My first BJJ competition, for the FGJJ (Federação Gaúcha de Jiu-Jitsu). Semifinal very difficult, but I win on points 13-0. I escaped from 3 triangles with a lot of power and perseverance. I'm the guy with blue gi.
Powerful BJJ Mount Escape (Knee Inversion)- Firas Zahabi
Training BJJ resulting in out of control appetite and meat cravings in a longtime mostly-vegan/vegetarian.
Single Leg X
Back it
Wet gym ahopping . Now I have a broken rib.
Angry Rant On BJJ deniers
I made something for those of you who want to start BJJ but are scared. Put this on your mirror and GO TRAIN.
Z/93 Guard: Looking for food for thought
Any competitions happening may 16 or 17 in nyc?
Looking to get back into BJJ.
Belt whipping/gauntlet
Anybody here from College Station, Tx?
Breaking the Spider Guard - 4 Options
Add Link to Sidebar for Tournaments
Metamoris 6 is already sold out??
Guys, I think I have a problem...
So STOCKED! with the new Terere icon 👱🏿
I realized how one dimensional my side control game is today
Looking to get into BJJ
I need to know how to beat a guy way heavier than me.
Lost my license ID card
Were you surprised how badly you did in your first BJJ roll? I didn't wrestle for a long time and forgot how strong and tough another human being could be. I got manhandled by a more experienced white belt that tapped me at will.
Kurt Osiander - Take It Uneasy Podcast
This is not the attitude to have my fellow BJJers. If you are weak anywhere, focus on it and be better do not ignore it.
The Blackbelt I train under has a great sense of humor
Do you cross your legs when performing an armbar?
Farting on a Spazzy White Belt.
BJJ Library Challenge One Preview: Guard Pull Challenge
Jit Jitsu and sleeping. Does anyone have a solution?
Had my first class yesterday.
Belts with chess pieces embroidered (Modern Flow), too ostentatious or not?
Anyone in Ohio?
Team nogueira dubai to host buchecha, leo viera, lucas leite and other super stars up until the world pros (Heads up)
First competition in a week- any tips?
Broke my hyoid bone via Baseball bat choke in training
WORLDS DATE PLEASE
Put together a curriculum for one belt below your color
Only doing a promotion post because it took me almost 5 years to get my blue belt.
I never lose. I either win or learn.
Technique Question: Passing the half butterfly guard
Dealing with tall posture in the triangle (a tutorial)
I will bend like a reed in the wind - My two favorite things BJJ/JUDO and DUNE
Watch "Mat Time with Professor Clark Gracie" on YouTube
Strategies for losing small amounts of weight?
[Update] Tatami Estilo 5.0 Dye Bleed
How long is your drive to jiu jitsu and how many times per week?
Hassan Whiteside shoots a double leg!
Private lesson - is it worth it?
Any experience with shoulder braces? Chronic shoulder dislocation
Who cleans the mats at your gym?
Virginity. (UPDATE)
Cutting weight tips?
New subreddit /r/ohiobjj for posting and checking Ohio BJJ tournaments, seminars, and news
Some advice in regards to stretches?
If or Metamoris or EBI allowed any "regulation" grappling uniform, which would offer a real advantage?
Does anyone else train gi without using gi grips?
Bjj globetrotters USA Camp 2015
I can't stop triangling people, Help!
Gustavo Dantas Seminar Review
Talkers...
So, I have a concussion. How long until I can train again?
5 Brand New Spider Guard Apps (I think these are the best I've ever released) - 50% off this week
What's that red thing Kron is wearing around his leg and is it helpful or just for fashion?
Copa De Bangkok 2015 went down 04/04/15 Arete BJJ won the Team Trophy!!!
Did any of you guys train with somebody when they first started who blew up and became a big name in BJJ or MMA? If so, could you tell they were going to be special when they first started? If so, what were the signs? A certain birth mark or an aura?
Dropped in at Fight Sports Miami The Falls
May have just broken someone's nose.
When taking a shower...
Kids Bjj class likes my music
I found a great source for what to do inside guard as a whitebelt
Paul Walker BJJ/Memorial vid
Jiu jitsu podcasts?
#ASKAOJ | Art of Jiu Jitsu Academy
Question about Shoyoroll Absolute V1 Gi
Hey r/bjj brothers. If you dont mind, could you "like" my friend's BJJ athlete page. He has decided to commit his life to BJJ and I admire his courage. I wish I had in me to do the same. Thanks Oss
Virginity.
Get your hearts checked out, guys and gals. Story inside...
First Tournament This Weekend Any Tips?
Knee Injury?
Is it okay to wear a black gi as a beginner
Any BJJ practitioners here tear their meniscus, if so have you had surgery and what kind / how do you perform?
Torn between gyms.
Houston gym suggestions
First Preview of the BJJ Library Challenge One
Been to a lot of tournaments - some good, some poorly run....what do you guys think makes a good event?
White Belt Wednesday - 04/08/15
For the first time in my life, I am proud of owning a piece of tape
Technique treasure hunt!!
When did you stop thinking while rolling?
Jiu Jitsu Calendar for Improvement
How to gain the mental edge on your opponent - "SHUGYO" Training | Atos BJJ - Small Axe Jiu Jitsu Oceanside
Greek wedding BJJ Style
Training in Tbilisi, Georgia?
Kit dale responds to post about steroid allegations
Chicago - Jeff Glover Seminar - April 25th and 26th
Submission Only Chicago - US Grappling - June 6th
Can i loose 3kg (of water) in 11 days?
The day I was told to relax - An analysis of "the spaz"
This sub lately:
Gotham City Classic. A fun takedown tournament for wrestlers out of college and post-highschool athletes looking to compete. Here's the highlights. (xpost /r/wrestling)
Where can I watch EBI 3?
Tatami Estilo 5.0 Dye Bleed?
Finding a happy medium
Relevent Post from /r/GetMotivated
Holding Closed Guard
Miyaos having rough time, you guys will not see with frequency
Those who've experienced training-related injuries: Psychological trauma
BJJ In London England?
This is the funniest tap I've ever seen.
The pre-warmup warmup for BJJ - to prevent injuries and loosen up
Best drilling techniques with a partner?
Keiko Raca A2 for Sale - $50
How to win a belt at Naga?
R/bjj what do you think about my submission only HL?
So, What are your guys.. The community of R/BJJ take on Steroid use in the sport or any other sport?
Not BJJ but grappling related: AMAZING Dan Gable article
Have you guys seen Kit Dale lately? Dude looks like he put on 20lbs of muscle. Must be that good ol' American cookin, there's no other explanation.
New Video by Stuart Cooper: The Rise Of Keenan Cornelius - The JiuJitsu Phenom
For experienced inverted triangle users: How do you finish the inverted triangle blood choke
Glad I don't work for Tatami's warehouse right now.
Dislocated rib. How long am I out for?
Noob on Noob sparring: Throws to practice when open sparring starting from the knees that translate well to standup?
Weightlifting is great for bjj
Challenge: What's Your Best Short Instructions for How to do Jiu Jitsu?
Hey guys, here's a couple techniques I like to use a lot when my opponent under hooks me from half guard. If you enjoy please share, like, or subscribe :) #techniquetuesday
BJJ in Terrace, BC, Canada
USA ¨BJJ TRIP¨. Advices.
MRW I come across a really good spider guard player [x-post /r/funny]
