Kraft american singles because college. Snapchat banner because pun.
TIFU my lunch.
British Grilled Cheese... Just add tea! This is white Hovis bread with real salted butter, strips of medium cheddar and little lumps of 'Seriously Strong Spreadable' (spreadable cheddar, it's so nice) to tantalise the taste-buds!
Mild Cheddar and Provolone on Italian
I love Farmer's Market Days. Peasant Wheat with Farmstead Cheese.
Gorgonzola, chicken and chorizo melt with fig and blue cheese sauce &amp; blueberries
Cheddar and Havarti with shrimp poppers in between
Store brand cheddar and white bread. Crusted with cheddar and a touch of salt and pepper. Cooked on my favorite cast iron skillet.
Romano and Bruschetta Jack on Rye
Gooey Cheesy Deliciousness.
Can we change "newly grilled" to "freshly grilled"? I just think it's more fitting.
Inside/outside grilled cheese! Extra-sharp cheddar and monterey jack cheese on whole wheat.
green chile grilled cheese with a pickle
Perks of being the boss's son: head chef made me a gorgeous cheddar on sourdough for my break
Does this still qualify as a grilled cheese? Smoked ham and mature cheddar on granary bread, dipped in egg and pan fried in butter. With tomato, garlic and ginger relish.
My grandmother (84) uses mayonnaise instead of butter to maker her grilled cheese.
[OC]cheese, mushrooms, chili-orange between two slices of multi-grain bread, grilled to deliciousness[x-post from /r/foodporn]
Bellavitano espresso cheese with grilled apples and cinnamon on sourdough.
A delicious grilled cheese
So grilled cheese lovers have more sex.. Makes sense.
Sharp cheddar on onion rye with 3 kinds of hot sauce
Jalapeno Havarti and American with ham on Bavarian sourdough
This may backfire...
Chipotle Gouda on Texas Toast
Blue Cheese and Sharp Cheddar On Rye
Favorite type of cheese?
100% Grilled Cheese sandwich (X-post from shittyfoodporn)
White and yellow cheddar on Sourdough
Pepperjack and mayo, with a cool beverage of my choosing.
One of my favorites, jalapeno pepper jack with Frank's Red Hot
Midnight Snack
Nobody believed me when I said I'd do it.
Steak and cheese
3 weeks to finals and I'm living off of the cheddar goodness
First time making a grilled cheese. Quite please with results
Smoked meat grilled cheese. This bread is so good.
Wholemeal Grain x Vintage Cheddar x Colby
Medium cheddar, feta, spinach, tomato, on Jewish rye. With garlic Parmesan butter.
Inside-Out Grilled Cheese
Why does the cheese in my grilled cheese sandwiches never melt?
24 Grillied Cheese Sandwiches That Define The Term 'Food Porn'
Melting point of Kraft singles = the temperature love is forged.
Delicious. Swiss, feta, tomato, spinach, onion, rosemary on sourdough with a parm crust.
Saturday Breakfast. Aged cheddar with mushrooms and onions on seeded Jewish rye.
Saturday Lunch!! 3 Pepper Gouda and American on white with homemade Corn Chowder. *Trigger Warning -&gt; Cutting Board*
Happy Friday to me! (American on sourdough)
First grilled cheese in college! Cheddar, swiss and provolone on white
Midnight snack - American cheese on wheat bread
Grilled Cheese with bacon!
Pan Fried Grilled Cheese Rolls
Raclette and Bay Blue on sourdough
Wisconsin Grilled Cheese Championship
Grilling it up in the morning no better way to start the day am I right boys
4 year smoked cheddar on Bavarian rye
Three Cheese from Roxy's Grilled Cheese Truck (VT cheddar, muenster, fontina)
Do you press your grilled cheeses on the pan?
It's what's inside that counts.
Grilled cheese on wheat, with a touch of Cholula.
Any love for spinach and tomato?
Cheddar and Swiss with shredded chicken, dipped in Texas Pete.
Does anyone make their own bread here?
open faced english muffins with american
Homemade Patty Melt
I hate this damn place.
Cheddar, bacon and tomato 'melt'. Made for my backseat driving girlfriend.
Apple-chedder Grilled Cheese
Anybody try this yet?
Sometimes grocery store colby jack and cheap bread is all you need for a fine meal.
Homemade honey chili guacamole, thick-cut cherrywood-smoked bacon, fresh grated blue-marbled-cheddar and parsley-chive prairie jack cheese on rye
Good old Belfast Veda
7 Secrets From a Grill Cheese Master (via MentalFloss)
Made a grilled cheese burger!
Nordic melt? Garlic beef sausage with a mild Danbo on malty rye
Pepper jack on Italian bread, simple as can be
Even the NYT Can't Get it Right...saying melts are grilled cheeses.
Havarti, cheddar, and Boursin on Italian bread. Seriously delicious.
Happy Grilled Cheese Day.
Alton Brown's Grilled Grilled Cheese Recipe
Kerrygold cheddar on baguette with brunch
I made a Grilled Cheese Cake in honour of Grilled Cheese Month, and the folks over on /r/DessertPorn thought you'd like to see it [x-post /r/DessertPorn]
Gooey
Only the truly horny (or lucky) like grilled cheeses - Research Finds!
Lenny Grilled
Blasphemy
Swiss, Provolone, and Cheddar on Some Bread
Yummy! Garlic butter, havarti and sharp cheddar on wheat
Inside out grilled cheese sandwich -- inspired by FoodWishes' chef John!
Muenster on Wheat
Butter crusted Gorgonzola and chorizo
Lobster Grilled Cheese in Daytona Beach, USA
Irish-ish Grilled Cheese!
Cheddar and pepper jack on multi-grain
my most recent attempt at a grilled cheese.
The sad, sad grilled cheese served at my sorority.
Can't mess with a classic. American on white with mayo to brown instead of butter
I'm back with my u/fuck_blue_shells inspired, blue-shell-blue-cheese-grilled-cheese
I call this piece: The College Diet as Art
Made a fucking grilled cheese
Grilled cheese lovers have more SEX!!!! Study says so.....
Simple pleasures: Kerrygold on soft white bread with medium cheddar and a dash of Franks hot sauce.
Grilled cheese: You're doing it wrong!
What is your go to cheese for your creations?
'Grilled Cheese Lover's Have More Sex': Didn't know this was THAT kind of sub...
Study: People who love grilled cheese have more sex, are more charitable
Horseradish Cheddar on Caraway Rye
Survey suggests grilled cheese lovers have more sex, are more generous
Sharp cheddar on french
Is it a true grilled cheese if there is dip?
Classic Sharp Cheddar on French Bread, With Tomato Soup on the Side.
This is grilled cheese blaspheme!
Grilled cheese with a slice of pizza in it
Roommate's Standard Grilled Cheese
Hubby was REALLY hungry last night so I made him 6 sandwiches and soup. American cheese on white bread with tomato soup.
Double Decker!
Grilled Cheese from the Highest Restaurant in North America
Slightly Burnt Sharp Cheddar on Wheat
Scratch white bread (Bread Baker's Apprentice) with homemade American Cheese (America's Test Kitchen)
Look at my delicious grilled cheese!!!
Trainwreck Grilled Cheese
Roommate's Jalepenio Bread &amp; Pepperjack Grilled Cheese
Multi-grain wheat with sharp cheddar, made with garlic mayo, and crushed red pepper in the cheese.
Traditional for this rainy day - cheddar on wheat
Colby-jack on Italian - simple but effective
Kris Morningstar's Croque-Madame: a grilled cheese with béchamel sauce and an egg
I post a lot of fancy grilled cheeses, but sometimes you just want something simple: American cheese on honey wheat bread.
The his and hers! His: loaded baked potato with ham, bacon, cheddar and chives. Hers: bacon guac and extra sharp cheddar!
People Who Eat A Lot of Grilled Cheese Sandwiches Have A Lot of Sex ;)
A new take on Grill cheese - I know there is a bit of a debate on what grill cheese is, but some changes really make a difference.
Imagine your grilled cheese served on this plate. I think is way too interesting, so I am putting it in my wishlist.
Is there a guide to cheese and bread pairings?
Layers
Help create the guide to bread and cheese pairings!
I made a grilled cheese rating rubric – can you guys tell me what you think?
Do you season your sandwiches
Do this in remembrance of me
Colby Jack in sliced French bread w/ Kerrygold Butter
Grilled cheese with hot chocolate
The best grilled cheese tutorial I've ever watched
First ever self made grilled cheese. Any tips on how to make a perfect American cheese sandwich?
Cheddar and pepper jack in pure form
provolone peppers and onions
Classic Grilled Cheese
Cheddar and cherry tomatoes on country rye sourdough, griddled in butter
Italian seasoning, olive oil, pepper jack, and sauteed peppers on whole grain
mini grilled cheese sandwiches made from sourdough bread, swiss and monterey jack
Just some cheese on my holiday
So good, got the cheddar just right
Messy grilled cheddar on homemade wheat bread with parmesan crust
Borderline Melt? Added bacon bits to white bread with Colby jack filling. Also cut it differently.
Roasted cauliflower, Gruyere, fontina, and small-batch slab bacon. Made for a perfect date night dinner.
How to properly make the perfect grilled cheese
I feel less crazy today. thanks guys.
Grilled Cheese Recipe for you Bachelorettes and Bachelors
How to make the perfect grilled cheese
Mushroom swiss on sourdough sliced bread
Feta and Mozz on wheat.
Two slices of gooey Colby Jack on this bad boy
Cheddar and colby jack with egg and bacon on eggy bread
I got a fever, and the only Rx is more GRILLED!!
The kids are home from school, time for a snack...
I know it's technically a melt, but the bread is grilled so perfectly I had to share.
Here’s What Happens When You Try To Eat 12 Grilled Cheese Sandwiches In One Day
Instructions unclear
Grilled Cheese with provolone
Does anyone else eat their grilled cheese, with ketchup?
Grilled Cheese Academy - A website for amazing recipes and more
Something you guys haven't tried but really should
Roommate's Grilled Cheese
Chipotle Colby jack and Colby with BBQ and caremilzed onion on italian
Smoked Havati, Gouda and red onions on Sour Dough with Tomato, Basil and Garlic dipping hummus
I'm super broke and all I had was some Nickles bread, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, and string cheese. Paired well with Ramen.
The other night's minestrone, tonight's grilled cheese/melt
A Glorious Late Friday Lunch.
Sweet cheesus: London is getting a grilled cheese café.
I'm no pro but here's my cheese grilled
Whole grain bread with tomato, turkey, american and extra sharp cheddar grilled cheese/melt. Yum
Panera Bread Grilled Cheese: the shittiest grilled cheese ive ever had.
Some pretty cool tips for grilled cheese
Does this count as a grilled cheese? Help me please!
How do I deal with the water from tomatoes?
1st Grilled Cheezuuu [kerrygold, kraft sharp cheddar, fiber one country white because poop]
Yummy. Parmesan, rosemary &amp; cheddar on wheat w/ parsley garnish
Velvetta and wonderbread - keepin' it simple
Grilled Mac &amp; Cheese
Spring day = tomato and avacado. Throw some cheese on that
Dubliner and Dubliner Stout on Sourdough Rye with Kerrygold Butter
first time posting on grilledcheese. tell me what you guys think!
"Inside and out" grilled cheese using very sharp cheddar. Insights in comments.
ASK grilledcheese: Gear? Cooking times? Tricks? What are your secret tips to cheesy goodness?
The Dashing Diner Episode 6- Grilled Cheese at The Planet Bakery!
Inspired by /u/willlufc999's post, heres my Grilled Cheese French Toast! [Album]
Mini grilled cheese. (Sourdough with sharp cheddar and bacon)
Eggy Bread Grilled Cheese
Jarlsberg and mozzarella on homemade tomato basil bread.
Cheddar and Provolone on Dave's Killer Bread "Good Seed" with Kerrygold butter. Best breakfast.
Grilled cheddar
I just made Grilled Cheese on my new cast iron...
Tried a Parmesan crust after seeing it on so many posts here; I was a bit underwhelmed, did I do something wrong?
Inside-out grilled cheese on flax with mozza and homemade habanero BBQ sauce
My XXXL Porky Grilled Cheese
5 Tips for the Best Sandwich Ever
El Jeff @ Cheeses Chicago. Ground beef, chihuahua cheese, olives, peppers and tomato on Texas toast, wrapped with a quesadilla .
First attempt at inside-out grilled cheese. Couldn't have gone better.
Monterey jack on San Francisco sourdough
Havarti and Pepper Jack with rosemary
Melty colby jack with hummus
You Suck at Cooking - Grilled Cheese
How to make grilled cheese while drunk
Personal best. Medium cheddar and thin sliced New York strip steak with Sriracha hot sauce on plain white bread! A-1 for dipping.
Sour dough, cheddar, bacon, deep friend mac and cheese, garlic butter. Goodness.
Mozzarella and blue cheese with basil
Hardee's/Carl's Jr: This needs to stop
Meat melt: cheddar, muenster, gouda, pepper jack, roast beef and bacon on wheat bread with rosemary olive oil. Dear God yes.
Grilled cheese night
Apple Smoked Cheddar, Dubliner Stout, and (real) Maple Syrup on Harvest Bread.
Keeping it basic
My first attempt at an "inside AND out grilled cheese. First attempt up top, second attempt on bottom.
Spicy pot noodle grilled sandwich
Keeping it classic. Ham and cheese melt
Mozzarella, Muenster, and Cheddar on a Rosemary/Garlic Italian Bread.
Gouda &amp; Cheddar on Country White
Green Grilled Cheese with cheddar, mozz, corned beef, and cabbage
The Art of the Perfect Grilled Cheese (Plus 20 Variations to Shake Things Up)
The maple brown sugar oatmeal grilled "cheese"
Fuck the Haters
Sunday's grilled cheese: half gouda, half sharp cheddar, on homemade sourdough. [OC]
Hull Breach!
420 double double grilled cheese
Tuna and corn
American, Swiss and Smoked Chipotle Gouda on butter top white
Grilled salami and cheese
Feeling unsatisfied with Starbucks' bread, I sought out some fresh sandwiches.
My first cheesy post! Monterey Jack and Kraft slice on whole wheat.
I needed my cheesy fix while out of town.
Our grilled cheese @ work. Muenster, sharp cheddar, bacon, lemon/lime avocado, tomatoes. Heaven
Kraft single and string cheese on English Muffin Toasting Bread
No Ordinary Sandwich
Simple grilled cheese- Tangy cheddar on white and olive oil
Had no sliced cheese, had no sliced bread. So I grilled cheese whiz on pita instead!
A burger joint on my uni's campus serves some of the best grilled cheese I've ever had.
American, Provolone and Few Chives on White...
Made my boyfriend the best bacon,onion,and three types of cheese,grilled cheese sandwiches he's ever had!
Sadness
My first attempt as a Brit with my cast iron pan
Pepperjack on white with tomato bisque and an ice-cold American pale ale...perfect for a chilly, rainy day.
Olive oil garlic pepper and gouda on homemade whole wheat rye bread heel.
[Melt] Provolone, avocado, tomato, and turkey on wheat
White bread and slice cheese with canned minestrone soup. The university student's dream meal.
Colby jack, fresh mozzarella, tomato, old bay, and a drizzle of caesar dressing on ciabatta
Brie, Manchego and fig preserves on Rye
Never had anything but American cheese. boy was I missing out!! (Provolone and Mozzarella)
Irish cheddar center with baked mild cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses on the outside.
Muenster on Italian with Olive Oil
Colby jack on deli rye, w/ tomato soup w/ a dash of mozzarella
Perfectly grilled cheese sandwich (pepper jack)
Marbled Cheddar and White Garlic Cheddar on Marbled Rye-Sourdough bread. :)
Mickey and Minnie classic grilled cheese
Being an adult means I can have grilled cheese at 11pm if I damn well please
Blu and parm on five seed bread
Salami and jarlsberg grilled cheese
American and cheddar on rye. Simply delicious.
Gruyère on Milk Bread with Parmesan Crust
Aged Gruyère with apples and caramelized onions on whole wheat
Munster and Colby Jack on sourdough with tomato, bacon and peppered spinach. I brushed the bread with bacon grease for grilling.
[Heathen] Peppered turkey, home style thick-cut bacon and a blend of muenster and sharp cheddar on pane di casa, brushed with bacon fat and lightly grilled (more pictures in comments)
Colby &amp; Monterrey with Sharp White Cheddar on Texas Toast with Tomato Soup
Lenten Lunch: oatmeal bread, Swiss and cheddar cheeses, grilled with olive oil and brushed with butter, oregano and garlic.
I woke up at 2a with an incredible urge for grilled cheese with a fried egg
Started making breakfast at home: sausage, egg, and Colby jack on sourdough
Pepperoni and ham triangles
Parmesan Crusted Monterey Jack Grilled Cheese on Potato Bread
Snow Day Grilled Cheese: Aged Gouda, Prosecco Cheddar, Weybridge and Apple Butter on Homemade Einkorn Sourdough
Pizza sauce, tasty cheese and salami on straight up white bread
Smells like pizza! (Grilled cheese with oregano and olive oil.)
Grilled Provolone-Crust Bacon Sandwich, for the munchies
Cheddar, Monterey Jack, Pepper Jack, and Brown Sugar Ham on Sourdough.
Caramelized balsamic onions, chipotle mayo, pepper jack cheese on a challah twist.
Gouda &amp; toast
Classic Grilled Cheese - Monterey Jack Cheese w/ Jalapeño
Shredding cheese.
Fresh Mozzarella Grilled Cheese, all ingredients are Fresh from the Reading Terminal Market.
Not exactly gc, but here's my lasagna sandwich
Shredded cheddar and white in the toaster oven. Sometimes basic is best.
Classic provolone on sourdough with tomato soup
4th Annual Grilled Cheese Party. 54 guests.29 different grilled cheeses made. One great night.
American cheese + potato bread w/ garlic oil.
Sharp cheddar inside and out
Say "grilled"
Made this after watching the movie Chef, Sourdough + Medium &amp; White Cheddar + Parmesan.
Turkey grilled cheese with spicy ranch
It defies logic, but this simple American on White, made at the hospital I work at, is hands down the best grilled cheese I've ever had... and I've had plenty!
Mild cheddar and guacamole on sourdough
Would you forsake me
Some of my best work has come from herbal inebriation
Double decker cheddar with toast in the middle.
So good I had to make a second one
Taco Blend cheese (shredded cheddar, monterey jack, spices) inside and outside of Capt John Derst white bread
Gruyere and Irish Cheddar on sourdough
How to?
Swiss and Monterey Jack on Wheat.
If you were to create your own grilled cheese shop, what would set you apart?
I need your help.
Golden brown is like, my favorite color.
Orkney Mature Cheddar with Brittany Camembert on white bread
Cheddar cheese crusted wheat bread with American cheese. Nothing fancy but tasted great.
Saint-Paulin cheese and some random bread
Triple-Sharp Cheddar and Gouda on homemade bread WITH CHEESE BAKED INTO THE CRUST
Cheddar, mayo and sriracha on ciabatta. With bonus golden cheesebrown
Classic mild cheddar on white bread and tomato rotini. Prefect for this snowy weather.
Butter cheese and smoked gouda on farmhouse white bread with Cajun seasoning on one side and a Welsh cheddar crust on the other. [Album]
Texas toast, spicy cheddar, olive oil/garlic/butter brush.
Grilled Cheese Throwdown: GCDC vs. Melt Shop
Honey wheat bread with Brie, Granny Smith Apples and Honey Dijon Mustard
Struggle Melt
Sharp cheddar mild cheddar and Habanero jack.
Some drippy Velveeta grilled cheese
What is the best way to make a simple grilled cheese?
Havarti and Honey Ham on rye.
Purists: If I use olive oil instead of butter is it still traditional? What if I put some scratch made pepper sauce on it?
This is what grilled cheese means to me.
I only cook my grilled cheese wearing these
The mods are asleep. Quick, post quesadillas!
American and Cheddah on Multi-Grain and a Curious Cat.
Went to Steak'N'Shake and ordered a Frisco Grilled Cheese™
Grilled cheese, scratch made bread, olive oil, cheddar and scrambled egg.
Gooey and Overflowing
First post here, tell me if I got 'em right. Grilled Cheese Sticks.
Saw this on Facebook. There's no WAY I wasn't going to post it here.
Classic grilled cheese and tomato soup!
First attempt at a parmesan crust, I'm satisfied
Chips and Queso
Cheese on bread with stuff and I cooked it too
11 kinds of cheese. Nice, basic cheeses, nothing fancy. I think I could go 13 -- but should I?
Mozzarella, Sharp Cheddar, and Pepperoni on Parmesan Crusted 15 Grain Wheat.
Muenster and Colby Jack with roast beef on white (Melt)
The Art of the Perfect Grilled Cheese - Serious Eats
Muenster on Seasoned Rye with Soup
The perfect combination
The Original: Cheddar on White
PSA: For all that is good and holy about grilled cheese, please don't make the same mistake I did by purchasing this "cheese."
tuna melt on sliced sourdough with cheddar &amp; jack xpost from r/eatsandwiches
Leftover bolognese sauce, fresh basil, buffalo mozzarella, sharp cheddar, Edam and parmesan on fresh white grilled to perfection
Best camping food. Provolone + american
Another Edam and Mozzarela on white edition
My attempt at caprese.
Snowy Saturday Grilled Cheese: Stout Dubliner, Smoked Cheddar, and Apple Butter on Homemade Oat Porridge Sourdough
Sharp cheddar on white with hot sauce, chili powder, oregano, and garlic
Saturday lunch! Old Bay, bacon, and lots of Monterey Jack. Served on rye with a side of potato salad.
drunk kitchen: French bread with pepper jack &amp; sharp cheddar, with tomato basil soup and a Stella. classic.
Double! Classic grilled cheese and a goat cheese ham melt.
Those perfect lines....
4:1 pepper jack :cheddar on gluten free white bread (why it's falling apart). Butter for browning.
Cheddar and garden vegetable Havarti on brown with soup
inside &amp; out grilled cheese technique
Cheddar and Mortadella
Took a tip from my sister and added some left over pasta sauce to my grilled cheese. Tomato/mascarpone and cheddar. Delicious.
American with Pepperoni (1st post)
Any tips on using mozzarella "string cheese" in a grilled cheese sandwich?
Grilled Mac &amp; Cheese
Cheddar, Monterey Jack, and Colby on white bread. Gooey heaven.
Beemster Classic, American, Vermont Sharp Cheddar, and Thai Sweet Chili Sauce on whole wheat
Rosemary Pugliese and Vermont White Cheddar
Ya gotta ciabatta
Coon on white Abbott's
American, swiss, and sweet hot pickled cherry peppers, embarrassed by my incomplete meltage
Can we agree on what a "classic" grilled cheese is?
Caprese grilled cheese (pesto, mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil)
Sharp cheddar, gruyere, and black pepper on sourdough w/ olive oil. And pratzle chorps.
Mild cheddar and spicy havarti on sourdough.
American cheese, avocado, and bacon on whole wheat.
Had to make a grilled cheese after finding this subreddit. All we had was the 4 jack cheese combo pack from Costco. We used 3 (skipped the reduced fat). Turned out better than expected.
Abandon all hope, ye that click on this album
old schoold cheddar grilled cheese, chef boyardee, and mudda fuckin TANG!
It’s ooey, it’s gooey, it’s too much cheese for the FDA to recommend in one sitting. It's a three-cheese grilled cheese.
Provolone, cheddar, and pepperjack on wheat.
Grilled pineapple, aged 1 yr. Cheddar, parmeson mustard sauce, and apple smoked ham on hawian sweet bread.
Multilayer Grilled Cheese/Breakfast Sandwich Hybrid
Sourdough with Monterey jack, cheddar jalapeño and blue cheese with pesto and sun dried tomatoes
Humboldt Fog goat cheese, Apple Smoked Gouda, Grafton 4-year cheddar, and fig jam on homemade Tartine country levain.
Jack, cheddar, asadero &amp; american on parmesan crusted seeded rye
kraft single and marble, with egg on light rye bread. Great way to start the morning
My snow day grilled cheese at Cheesetique in Arlington.
Homemade bread g chee and tomato soup
You inspired me! Gruyere, provolone and pepper jam on Parmesan crusted rye bread with a side of roasted red pepper tomato soup... For my wife's b-day!
Smoked gouda, goat cheese, mozzarella, dried tomatoes, and basil on sourdough from a little place in Birmingham, Alabama.
Sharp Cheddar &amp; American on Sourdough, Cast Iron Grilled
Double decker! Colby jack with cheddar on white bread
What sandwich should I make with these cheeses?
Post valentine's day dinner: Parmesan-crusted wheat bread with cheddar. We also had some olive bread left from the night before so we went ahead and parm-crusted that as well.
Sharp Cheddar and Colby Jack (and some ham off the bone) on Sara Lee Butter Bread
Cheddar on whole grain white
Valentine's Day sandwich, parmesian inside, sharp cheddar crust.
Gooey Parmesan on homemade wheat sourdough
Parmesan, Cheddar and light spread of garlic on Wholemeal.
Are we still doin this? Juusto (a Scandinavian cheese with a very buttery taste. This variety was made with bacon for flavor) on country white.
parmigiano reggiano ,mozzarella and Cheddar
This is a food truck in my town. It is glorious.
My magnum opus
Valentine's Day Lunch - Gruyere &amp; Dubliner, Tomato Soup
A guide to cheese-melting, thought you guys may find this interesting
Vermont white cheddar on honey oat bread
Muenster on whole wheat... with avocado, mushroom, and horseradish. Strangely delicious!
The worst grilled cheese I've ever had
Muenster and smoked Gouda on Ciabatta, topped with a bit of Parmesean
B. T. C
Prosciutto and Marble inside out grilled cheese on homemade white.
Cheddar, goats cheese, pickled jalapeños on light rye
Grape tomatoes, mozzarella, and leftover pizza sauce on rosemary sourdough
Are all quesadillas grilled cheeses, but not all grilled cheeses are quesadillas?
Cheddarella
Mozzarella, Cheddar, Summer Sausage, Marinara, Cooked in Olive Oil. On 12 Grain Wheat w/ a Parmesan Crust. [Melt]
Extra Sharp Cheddar and Granny Smith Apple Slices, on Whole Wheat
Ham, caramelized onions and garlic, sliced castelvetrano olives, and sharp white cheddar...melt
Sourdough, Pepper-jack, Colby-jack, Scallions, Roma Tomatoes, and Bacon... I call it grilled cheese, you call it a melt? (x-post from /r/food)
What are the best bread(s) for a grilled cheese?
Bacon grilled cheese on five seed bread
Three cheddar blend on Chile Cheddar Beer Bread
grilled cheese, ketchup and viet iced coffee.
First Time With Parmesan Crust, sharp cheddar + basil w/ strawberries &amp; a huge Guinness!
Extra sharp cheddar on sourdough
Literal Grilled Cheese.
Whole wheat bread, sharp cheddar and pepper jack.
Anther delicious meal on a beloved plate from my childhood.
My magnum opus so far in my grilling career.
Cheddar and Mozzarella Quesadilla with Bacon
Is there any love for me in here?
CHEDDAR | SALAMI | PEPPER | MUSTARD | LOVE
Aged Gouda on 21 Grain with Mozzarella Crust
Emmental with some other random chesee and parmesan on a random loaf.
Southside of Chicago keeps it real. I present, the footlong grilled cheese.
Just discovered this sub. Sorry for the poor quality image, but I present to you the perfect late night snack: Tuscan bread with muenster cheese, grilled with farm butter.
Plain and simple cheddar.
Onion poppy naan, cheddar. tomato soup dipper + hot and spicy pickle slices out of frame.
Three kinds of goat cheese with honey on homemade Tartine wheat/rye.
Nothing like mom's grilled cheese. Plain cheddar
Creamy Peanut Butter, Grape Jelly, Cinnamon Raisin Bread, and Sharp Cheddar. Grilled with Olive Oil. DELICIOUS!
I'm gonna need to make this for dinner.
Ran out of bread, so I used a tortilla and made a quesadila
Extra Sharp Cheddar and Jarlsberg with Vermont Maple Syrup Center on Paneletta
Fiesta Con Queso—Check That Melty Goodness :0
Mac&amp;Cheese Grilled Cheese
Blackened whole wheat and cheddar
Regular grilled cheese (plain wheat bread, sharp cheddar cheese) with leftover Super Bowl dip (canned chicken, hot sauce, cream cheese, cheddar cheese) and a side of garlic green beans.
Went to a new grilled cheese restaurant: "Mac Attack", Deep fried Mac n Cheese, bacon, ketchup, garlic mayo, cheddar and mozzarella!
Mozzarella, Camembert and honey roast ham on walnut and onion bread with parmesan crust
Little bit of toasted Kiwi goodness - Kapiti Tuteremoana cheddar, wholemeal sourdough, streaky free-range bacon and summer
How I imagine you guys spending your Friday nights
Beef Summer Sausage, Peppered Salami, Sharp Cheddar, and Provolone.
How I make my lunch. [OC]
Cooking on the Job
Grill me a cheese
2 garlic seasoned parmesan and mozzarella grilled cheese uses as a hamburger bun and served with pizza sauce.
Mushroom Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Eggs in a basket with American Singles, Pepper Jack, and three slices of crispy bacon.
Inside-out mozzarella and cheddar stuffed with Pepperoni. Simple, but delicious.
My house blend. I actually weigh it. I'm obsessed.
/r/grilledcheese hits 30K subscribers
Pepperjack and cheddars on wheat
I tried making grilled cheese in a waffle iron. was gr8 m8, i r8 8/8
What are the Pro/Con of using a cheese sauce v piece(s) of cheese?
Toast, Gouda Cheese and Guacamole
Pepper Jack + Mozzerella + Cheddar on Honey Wheat (OC)
Casual Grilled Cheese is happening.
"The simple things in life are often the most delicious" (cheddar on ww)
Tuna and cheddar panini with shredded parm on the outside for crunch
Grilled Cheese with Pesto and Stuffed Peppers!
Grilled cheese on crusted bread..
The Hierarchy of Grilled cheese
Sharp Cheddar and Munster on Crusty White Bread With a Garlic Parmesan Crust, Grilled Asparagus and a Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale on the side
Grilled cheese with melted cheese on the outside
Swiss cheese, mac &amp; cheese, and more swiss.
Turkey, Ham, American, and Swiss on Wheat. Simple and great.
Gouda and Cheddar on Sourdough
I saw the grilled cheese inside another grilled cheese and thought "I could do that better!"
Cheeze it's in Grilled Cheese! (American with parmesan on honey wheat)
South meets East: Jalapeño popper grilled cheese on garlic naan bread
A childhood favorite on a plate from my childhood
It grilled so evenly and perfect. Fresh mozzarella on white.
Skellig and smoked Gruyere with arugula and caramelized shallots on sourdough grilled in garlic butter
Just cheap white bread and American singles, but sometimes quantity has a quality all its own.
Garlic bread grilled cheese with bacon mmmm
sourdough + garlic butter + gouda and cream cheese = Mmmm
Feta, cheddar and brie plus polish ham on sourdough with a parmesan crust.
Duck "Bacon" Melt w/ Cilantro on Brioche
Cheddar, red onion, red capsicum, peri peri sauce on multi-grain
Grilled cheese with onion rings, fries, gravy, and chicken cutlets
One of the perks of having kids.
Sharp cheddar, ham, and waffle iron-fried hash browns on whole wheat
Pesto grilled cheese with Parmesan cooked on top
Havarti Dill and Butterkast on Italian Bread with Dusseldorf Mustard
Brie on 12 grain bread; tasted infinitely better than it looked.
Fuck it. It's Friday. Gouda, peperjack, some mozerella, garlic butter and red pepper flakes inside with mustard. Glass of ghost peppered Bloody Mary on the side.
Grilled cheese and ketchup
Tried adding a Parmesan crust to my sloppy cheese sandwich after I saw some posts here. Can't make 'em without it now.
White cheddar, avocado, black pepper
I'm led to believe that this will make many here upset
Comfort Food Grilled Cheese: An Adorable Fuzzy Plush to Snurfle and Squeeze!
[Melt] Bacon avocado and pickle melt [x-post from r/food]
Having trouble with cast iron. Help?
American, swiss, and fig spread. I didn't know it could get better than just bread and cheese!
Took a shot at the Big Matt...
3 story grilled cheese with tasty and cream cheese!
Can we make up our mind with this melt bullshit?
Gourmet grilled cheese: oxymoron?
[melt] not technically a grilled cheese. Ingredients in album.
MELTS
In Dallas, we have grilled cheese food trucks. Sure, they have melts, but I always get the Plain Jane: american cheese on sourdough. Website in comments.
Gouda, Fontina, NY Cheddar on country white with pepper relish. Cornichons and garlic stuffed olives on the side.
Mozzarella sharp cheddar on wheat with curry tomato soup and an egg
American on 7 grain wheat
Fresh grated pepperjack and mozzarella on country white. Cheese tossed and seasoned with paprika and dry mustard. My friends have dubbed me mom for making them so many of these.
Gouda and parmesan, seasoned with garlic powder, mustard powder and smoked paprika, on homemade sourdough. with a simple veggie soup.
If you haven't seen this yet, please enjoy.
Cheddar and brie on the inside, cheddar on the outside. Whole wheat bread. Crispy and melty deliciousness!
Nothing like coming home to a warm grilled cheese on a cold winter day.
Nothing better. (whole wheat, gouda and cheddar)
Cheddar on Jalapeño Cheese Bread
Cheddar. Swiss. Mozzarella. Wheat bread with Parmesan.
Inside out grilled cheese tutorial
Chow.com video about the proper techniques for grilled cheese, thoughts?
A "Grilled Mac n Cheese" from Tom and Chee (the grilled cheese restaurant from Shark Tank)
i know to make 2 next time, habanero cheddar on sourdough
Grilled cheese melt
Starting the day off right!
Tried making a new and improved version of my regular grilled cheese after seeing this sub. Delicious results!
Some leftover French onion soup and Gruyere grilled cheese!
Cheddar and Provolone on Brioche
My friend made these for a video shoot: white bread with cheddar, american, and a dash of mustard.
Mid-afternoon munchies hit me
Fresh Mozzarella, Creamy Havarti, Fresh Grated Parmesan, and Pepper Jack on Country Potato Bread
Seeing as how I work at a brewery, I'm gonna need to try this one.
Sharp cheddar, grilled bacon &amp; fresh tomato on ww
So tasty! Bacon and tomato grilled cheese.
Cheddar on whole grain
i call it the Big-Matt
Brothers.
Smoked Gouda/Sharp Cheddar on Roasted Garlic Ciabatta Bread.
Grilled Cheese Subsistence
The only melt that belongs here
By definition: Grilled Cheese. Not a melt.
Goes good with a bit of sausage. A college student's favorite
Colby, white bread and silverside grilled
Muenster, Swiss, Cheddar and shredded Mozzarella on sourdough.
Mortadella and robiola. Because sometimes meat.
Asiago on Rye and Pumpernickel... turned into a fried egg sandwich
Made this as soon as I got home from work. Been looking forward to it all day.
I didn't know grilled cheese could look this good.
[Meta]Fuck you and your melts and semantic shits. I'm out. I came here to look at grilled cheese sandwiches, not having the subreddit being pigeon-holed to bread and cheese because of nazis
The Classic (White bread, Butter, &amp; 2x American Cheese Slice)
The Lazy Grilled Cheese
A run of the mill of house Blend Cheese with Mama Lil's, hot and sour garlic pickles, and horseradish mustard. Fuck the tomato soup.
Provolone on Wheat
I require your aid in making a grilled cheese.
Fuck_Blue_Shells would have a stroke if he saw this...
Impromptu grilled cheese day [album]
Cheddar and Bleu on Sourdough, with Creamy Tomato Garlic Soup.
Extra creamy Camembert on white, with a side of brown gravy for dipping.
Brie, parmesan, and white American. Living the poor college student's dream
Aged Sharp Cheddar and Caramelized Onions on Homemade Rye
Sriracha grilled cheese with pulled pork
Creamy Havarti and Pepper Jack on Parmesan Encrusted, Thick Cut, Hawaiian Egg Bread
Colby jack, swiss and sharp cheddar with sautéed mushrooms and spinach-artichoke spread
Shout-out to /u/alpo55 and /u/92022314118 for the idea (fried egg in grilled cheese)
First Grilled Cheese Since Living On My Own
Grilled swiss with a parmesan crust and fried eggs
Medium cheddar on whole wheat, the quick and easy cheesy.
The kids get kraft singles. They cant quite appreciate the finer cheese atop their bread just yet.
Simple cheddar on wheat with a fried egg on the side. When toast and eggs doesn't cut it.
Marilyn Manson and Larry King Both Agree...
Colby Jack with a perfect parmesan crust using bacon fat
Havarti, Provolone, and Mild Cheddar with Asiago on the outside
Nothing in the pantry but bread, string cheese, and tomato soup.
White Cheddar + Emmentaler on Homemade Rosemary Parmesan Bread
Grilled some mini cheeses (demi-baguette + sharp cheddar)
Smoked Cheddar, Gouda, Home-cooked Sliced Ham, with a Pesto Spread [melt]
It's -15C outside today and I didn't have any bread for my grilled cheese. So I made my own bread.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Tomato Melt
I'm not sure if this counts but I guess in essence it is "Grilled Cheese". Mozzarella cheese inside of Juustoleipa (also known as bread cheese).
Gourmet college lunch: Mild Cheddar and Colby Jack on Wonderbread
Brie and Matica Quadrello di Bufala with some spinach and mushrooms
Camembert on white.
Bread + deli American cheese + mayo. Pickles on the side. Ran out of texas toast so I had to use regular bread.
1am snack. Double decker ham, cheese, mayo and cayenne pepper.
Provolone and Brie Grilled Cheese with Balsamic vinegar reduction.
*I am not surrendering the tomato.* Grilled cheese using flax-seed bread, extra sharp cheddar, colby jack, light salt and pepper, and vine-ripe tomato.
American, cheddar, and peppered Colby jack on whole 12-grain
A [g]ood birthday sna[c]k
With Red Rice &amp; Beans
Can we just ban melt comments
This is still how it's done... purist edition
Grilled Cheese Sandwich Recipe
I don't know where to start.
my staff meal lunch
English Cheddar, Black Pepper, and Cholula Hot Sauce on "Big" California Sourdough
Sourdough and Ciabatta with a cheese medley
Made bread yesterday, what better way to use it?
I hope this still counts: Balsamic blueberry grilled cheese.
Ham and cajun onion grilled cheese, Monterey Jack on rye. Broken City in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Why I hate this sub
gouda and parmesan, spiced with mustard powder and paprika, on homemade wheat bread
Shredded mozzarella and Colby on rye with Parmesan.
I always make sure I'm a little sloppy on the cheese application phase. Mozzarella, Cheddar, Provolone and Parmesan on (and off) Sourdough.
Tuscan and Cabot "Seriously Sharp Cheddar" with Tomato Bisque
Our Costco has this perfectly shaped product. highly recommended!!
Grilled Cheese on white with homemade Pimento Cheese
Tuscan pane with American cheddar, simple and pan fried
Grilled cheese burger in all its gooey glory.
today I had a burger, with two grilled cheese sandwiches as the buns.
Grilled sour dough with cheddar and swiss
How has this not been posted here? Alton Brown's GC
This is how it's done.
Late night snack. Featuring marble cheddar and parmesan, the bread toasted in garlic butter.
Pepper jack and pancetta on honey wheat bread.
So is everything here melts or grilled cheeses?
Grilled onions, grilled spinach, and tomatoes, with sliced Velveeta cheese on white bread
Jarlsberg, Havarti and Pesto Gouda on Sourdough
congestion relief
Oatmeal bread with sharp cheddar, pressed, light cheese
Chilli Cheese and Mature Cheddar topped with Cherry Tomatoes and Pesto on White.
Triple cheese egg encrusted
Mozzarela and Edam on white
Avocado, Goat Cheese, Colby Jack Grilled Cheese
Ricotta, mozzarella, and parmesan on sourdough with pesto
Sharp Shedder, Sliced Velveeta, &amp; Course Black Pepper on Hawaiian Bread
Can we get /r/melts added to the recommended subreddits?
A Youtube channel dedicated to cooking and enjoying quality grilled cheeses
Butter cuttingboard, not pan
Grilled Cheese in France is a Croque-Monsieur
Cheddar cheese with a Roasted red pepper sauce.
Chilli Corn Bread with (Kapati) Smoked Havarti, Maasdum and Feta &amp; Pumpkin dipping hummus
Pepperjack and mild cheddar on potato bread. Little bit of parmesan on the outside
Classic Grilled Cheese (American on thick cut white bread)
Grilled Cheese with Gouda and Mozzarella.
Back to Basics - Cheddar Cheese and Tomato Soup
Fluffy white bread with sesame seeds, old cheddar, and homemade butter. We're golden.
A question of texture | Heel side out or in?
Munster &amp; Fontina on sourdough w/ sriracha and a smoked finishing salt.
Kraft American, Rotella's Vienna, and Heinz Ketchup, this is a classic.
Vermont white cheddar and provolone-mozzarella on honey wheat with parmesan.
Havarti and 2 year white cheddar on oregano'd country sourdough will get me through this freezing rain!
Brie, pear, and bacon
GC with sharp cheddar, colby, romano, pesto and sun-dried tomatoes
Smoke Provolone, Pepperjack, CBarrel Vermont White Cheddar, thin slice of Prosciutto, on Sourdough topped with Fresh grated Parmesan. Served with Lobster Bisque.
Cougar Gold White Cheddar and Tillamook Cheddar on Dave's Killer Bread
American cheddar, smoked turkey, spicy mustard sauce, held together on delicious rye bread.
Applewood smoked cheddar, with artichoke caponata and spinach with Asiago topped rosemary potatoe bread.
Chorizo and egg grilled cheese with a talk cup of wake the fuck up.
Provolone, swiss, and medium cheddar
Gourmet Grilled Pizza Koala with Tater Tots
Grilled challah bread with american cheese
New Years GC! - Cheddar with Pesto and Tomato - Not a bad first effort I think! [ALBUM]
Parish Hill Creamery "Vermont Huntsman" on Tuscan. So good.
American cheddar, county, emmental and gruyère on wholewheat bread
A nice grilly from timmies
Whiskey Cheddar on wheat; complete with cheddar crisps and avocado.
*sniffle* Non-dairy cheese recommendations for an innocent victim of a recently-discovered dairy intolerance?
First try at a pamesean crust, came out well. Colby-pepper jack on sourdough, with bacon and tomatoes because i am a heathen
Mayo will change your life.
Kerrygold Swiss on Sourdough w/ Suck Bacon. Ketchup and Frank's mixture for the dip
Parmasean cheese crust
This place is serving melts as grilled cheese, blasphemy!
Fresh mozzarella and roasted garlic spread grilled to golden perfection.
Bacon, Pesto, Sharp Cheddar, Garlic (with album)
Chedder, Parmesan, Bacon and Avocado.
Robiola Bosina, 3 pepper Colby jack, Scandic Swedish fontina with a Garlic butter crust
Dinner AND dessert. Wheat bread, brie, pear, and caramel sauce.
Emmental and sweet chili sauce and em mental with marmite.
Shredded mozzarella between two slices of American. White bread. Split pea soup on the side. Life is good.
One swiss, one cheddar on white. Potato bacon broccoli soup too.
Cheddar on Sourdough
Triple cheese open grilled cheese w/ Cheddar , pepper jack &amp; havarti . Caution cheese is hot!
my annual xmas grilled cheese. Turkey cheddar stuffing and cranberry sauce
Emmenthal, smoked Gouda and Oka on multigrain
No pastry. Pie filling toastie
Cheddar and Swiss on Italian bread, with a Parmesan crust.
Sharp Cheddar and Avocado on Double Grilled 12 Grain Bread
Fried Chicken and Waffle Grilled Cheese Sandwiches
Request for a (preferably cheap) cheese similar to mozzarella?
Cheddar and Swiss on Italian bread
Three Cheese Toastie - Kikurangi Blue, Double Cream Brie and Colby on white.
Cheddar, American and cream cheese with chives...yum!
Cheddar, mozzarella, and monterey jack on multigrain sourdough
Process cheddar and shredded mozza with pepper on 12 grain
Port Wine and Cheddar on White. It's the simple things.
Pimento cheese (aka southern caviar) on wheat
Naan does a pretty good job of soaking up butter and allowing a parmesan crust to form
Rosemary focaccia. Roasted garlic butter. Gouda cheese.
Smoked Gouda, Brie, Sharp Cheddar, Monterey Jack, Fig, and Bacon on Cinnamon-Raisin Toast
This is not a melt. Muenster, cheddar, and parmesan.
American on white. Doesn't get simpler than this
The classic: American cheese between two slices of white bread
'Murican and Swiss on Parmesan crusted Sourdough - it was more cheese than bread.
Jalapeño Havarti on Whole Wheat
Grilled cheese in hearty tomato soup
Cheddar, ham, pineapple, and cranberry... So good! (Sorry for the bad picture.)
Muenster and Extra-Sharp Cheddar on Sourdough
xmas morning breakfast: sharp cheddar on multi grain bread, done in a puddle of butter in a pan, grilled one side at a time
Xmas lunch: multigrain bread with colby jack cheese et al.
Monterey Jack, cheddar, and a bit of mozzarella on white bread, with parmesan sprinkled on top.
Tillamook sharp Cheddar, Muenster, and aged Parmesan. Grilled in garlic butter, with a Parmesan / Cheddar crust on the outside.
Grilled cheese with caramelized cheese on top
Low and slow is the way to go.
xmas eve dinner treat: not a traditional grilled cheese, but is bread, butter and mozzarella
Any good cheeses/cheese combinations a beginner like me could try on my next grilled cheese?
Emmental and Ham (my first submission)
My little addition to this sub. Smoked Gouda with shredded mozzarella and cheddar grilled cheese.
It might not look like much but it sure was tasty!
I have a crap ton of cheese. What should I try? (pics in comments)
Waffle iron grilled Cheddar, Muenster, and Provolone cheese on sour dough. Served with tomato soup on my finest dollar tree China.
This is my first attempt at a grilledcheese all the way from Scotland. Pretty basic, wholegrain bread with bacon and mature cheddar cheese. After I grilled it I fried it in a little bit butter and this is it.
Anyone know how to make a Baker's Drive Thru grilled cheese?
Yesterday Ghostface Killah performed at a grilled sandwich shop called Ghostface Grillah (x-post /r/pics)
Old Cheddar on Italian with homemade creamy Tomato soup
cheddar, mozzarella, asiago, and waterbuffalo milk brie, with thyme, sage, rosemary, and chili powder, mayo on the inside, and butter toasted buttermilk bread. half an avocado filled with roasted red pepper hummus on the side. yummmmy!!
Back to the basics: Just buttered bread and cheese.
It's 2am so I decided to toast up a tasty treat
Marble Cheese on White Bread
Cheddar and gouda with some leftover ham on sourdough
I got inspired at 3 in the morning while perusing this subreddit.
Foodwishes inside-out grilled cheese
First time making a grilled cheese after my 8 month trip to China. Mozzarella, cheddar, basil, garlic, and butter.
What exactly is it that supposedly makes Tomato Soup and Grilled Cheese Sandwiches the perfect combination?
Grilled with cheddar.
Chorizo with Goat cheese and a cream cheese spread on Sourdough.
Flew back home for Xmas today. Walked in and immediately made use of my parents excellent cheese selection. I give you Brie, cheddar, and Havarti on Rye. A little overdone but amazing.
The most different and unique grilled cheese variations
American, swiss and gouda on wheat
Medium cheddar on 12 grain, grilled in butter, with a puddle of ketchup.
American and Monterey Jack on wheat bread
Grilled Cheese
Back to Basics.
Rye and Pumpernickel swirl w/ Prairie Breeze style Cheddar.
Wine pairings?
We hosted a build-a-grilled cheese night.
How to make the ultimate grilled cheese
Cheddar and Swiss on buttermilk bread. How did I do?
Sploooooooooge!
Brushetta Jack on Ciabatta
Grilled blue-cheese &amp; Havarti with a Colby/Havarti crust
I walk away for 30 seconds while grilling and it explodes but by god does it taste good!
Childhood favorite
basic cheesy goodness
Poverty grilled cheese - white bread and american cheese
Brussels Sprouts, Bell Pepper and Pepper Jack Cheese [AD]
Gouda, white and orange cheddar, with imperial cold pack cheese, with a parmesan skirt
roast beef melt
Parmesan on homemade sourdough
3 cheese on homemade no-knead bread. Bonus shot of Moroccan-spiced chickpea soup
Gouda, Bacon on Italian 5 Grain
Mozzarella and pesto on rosemary sourdough
First post here! 13 Grain Wheat, Cheddar American, Dried Sage.
Garlic covered colby and pepper jack :)
Not sure how we feel about restaurant sandwiches, as most here are homemade, but...Mozzarella, Cheddar and Gruyere on some thick ass bread, grilled then stabbed...and a side of tomato bisque.
Molenberg Bread with Triple layer of Edam Cheese
Get the butter out, stove top on just right, slice the Vermont cheddar, butter the......... the bread?! There is no bread. This'll work.
Havarti, cheddar, as Swiss.
Sourdough and cheddar. Not ooey gooey, but yum none the less.
Grilled coagulated milk, delivered via dual parmesan-crusted multigrain vessel.
Something a little sweeter than normal. Sharp cheddar with butter fried apples, on fresh beer bread.
Nothing fancy... White sandwich bread, kerrygold, and extra-sharp cheddar served with homemade vegetable soup.
Nice grilled cheese on a sesame roll. Tomato soup on the side.🌚
Aged cheddar with caramelized onions and spicy mango relish.
Bread &amp; Cheese suggestions for Grilled Cheese Sliders
Smoked gouda and sharp cheddar on sourdough
Back to basics. Some cheddar and swiss on sourdough. Alongside some classic Campbell's Tomato Soup.
You can't win all of them. A moment of silence, please..
First grilled cheese
Apple pie filling with aged white cheddar
Butter, swiss, extra sharp cheddar, onion powder, red pepper flakes and Chipotle sandwich spread on sourdough for ma man
I want to make a correct Grilled Cheese help me cheesy gods.
Cheap and sublime. White bread, margarine, white american and chocolate.
Double decker Pepperoni with Colby Jack, Cheddar, and American with crispy fries on top
Kraft Single, Pepper Jack, Sharp Cheddar
Discovered you glorious bastards via the best of post. I'm starting simple. Crappy slices on white
Bacon grilled cheese on white with sharp and mild cheddar
I put a grilled cheese sandwich inside a grilled cheese sandwich. Is this a grilled cheese sandwich or a melt?
For when you just want a little snack... Aged Cheddar on Rye.
First post in here, I made a breakfast melt. Two slices American, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and a fried egg. Only thing needed was hot sauce
I grilled some cheese
MY MOTHER FUCKING GRILLED CHEESE RECIPE
Enchilada Casserole &amp; Sourdough
It's finals week. Time for something simple. 2 slices of wheat bread. 2 slices of sharp cheddar. 1 good beer.
It's a grilled cheese with sourdough, sharp cheddar, and French's yellow mustard and I just ate it.
I want to make my first ever grilled cheese.
Grilled Dubliner Irish cheddar with pepperoni on multigrain bread with pepperoni and Seckle pear sliced on the side
Lazy -ass oven baked honey white bread with mozz, butter and Tuscan spice mix.
Mozzarella, swiss, grilled onions, and roasted red peppers on pumpernickel from a local grilled cheese place!
My first attempt! Took inspiration from here and tried the sharp cheddar/gruyere combo.
Before going to work
Double Layered
Pumpernickel Strategy?
Sourdough, Jalapeño Jelly, Gouda, Sharp Cheddar
Cheddar. Swiss. Avocado. Red pepper flake. All on some San Francisco Sourdough. DAMN GINA
American, mild cheddar, and aged white cheddar on wheat
Sunday dinner: Grilled cheese on potato bread with sharp cheddar and blue cheeses
Late sunday lunch: gouda, emmental and a touch of garlic
Crispy whole wheat bread with Old Brugge, young Dutch, mustard cheese and cheddar with just a thin layer of pesto.
Fuck grilled cheese minimalism. Sourdough bread, garlic butter, sharp cheddar, extra sharp white cheddar, bacon, ham, egg with pepper, chicken tikka masala, spinach and broccoli.
Thank you
Cheese, ham and cocktail sausages....
No-bullshit grilled cheese. Kraft singles on white.
How about another contest?
Technicalities
Cream havarti and Kraft singles grilled to perfection on country white bread
Recomended dosage? thx /u/fuck_blue_shells
Grilled cheese with veal spread and Sriracha + ketchup combo = 10/10 midnight snack
Did i do it right? Tasted truly awesome, thanks Reddit!
Sharp cheddar and white american cheeses with Hawaiian sweet bread.
Let us take a minute to appreciate those who make this subreddit possible
Cheddar and Meunster on English Toasting Bread
Found this sub and I've been waiting to get back home to make anything. Swiss on whole grain wheat with Italian Spices inside.
Sweet cheddar and Gruyere grilled cheese!
Mild cheddar and Parmesan on basic white bread with chicken soup and Mystic River
First time using cream cheese - mmm tasty
At the parent's for Christmas, no butter, only olive oil. Tips?
Discovered Grilled Cheese today. Instantly made my own one. Wasn't disappointed.
I grilled my grilled cheese.
Mini, smoked, grilled, cheddar.
I'm drunk, alone, and grading papers on a friday night. I present my crushed-chip, bacon, colby-jack melt
English Muffin, Colby Jack, Parmesan, Sharp Cheddar
Grilled cheese with cheddar, edam, egg and turkey
3-cheese. Extra Sharp Cheddar, Swiss, Parmesan.
Mods are asleep, post picture of actual grilled cheese!
Social Media for the Arts Project FeelGood
Sourdough Beard, Vermont Sharp Cheddar, Chipotle Cheddar, and Wisconsin Cheddar. 100% nom nom nom.
Home for break, my family went to bed and I'm hungry. Tillamook cheese wins once again.
Goat cheese on an english muffin with crispy american crust
Motz and sharp cheddar blend on sour dough bread, crafted, grilled, turned inside out, more cheese everywhere, finish crossing everything, cut in half, add thickest Mac and cheese ever, top sand which with sand which. Enjoy. Holy fuck.
Grilled cheese sandwich with a twist! Camembert!
Had to try the waffle maker idea
Grilled cheese porn
Why aren't grilled cheese sandwiches called "fried cheese sandwiches"?
Learning much from grilled-cheese Master Chef /u/metarinka, I grilled this sweetling using pepper-jack, white cheddar, and fresh whole-milk mozzarella cheese. For the bread, I used a tortilla. The salsa perked things up, along with the red pepper and teflon flakes.
Are there any bread-free grilled cheese ideas?
Thanks to this sub, I've discovered something better than having a beer in the shower...
Found this in my son's backpack. Apparently it was his breakfast yesterday and chose not to eat it. Wonder why! NSFL
Y'all ketchup dip?
toaster-oven or skillet?
A Grilled Cheese cooked in a waffle-maker.
I made a drunk grilled cheese. I'm sorry.
My phenomenal dinner.
So I discovered r/grilledcheese thanks to u/Fuck_Blue_Shells' rant and I wanted to make one myself. Problem is I never made a grilled cheese before and I didn't have any cheese. So I improvised...
Some thing simple for my first post
My modest entry with what I had in the house. Sharp Cheddar on Sourdough with cheddar crust.
Gruyere, extra sharp cheddar, and a bit of Parmesan mixed with spices
So I found this GC place in my city. Their menu is pretty nice.
Grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with green chile enchiladas, New Mexico!
My first attempt with mature cheddar
British simplicity. Warburtons wholemeal, Cathedral City mature cheddar and Heinz tomato soup. Obligatory cup of tea.
I failed at grilled cheese today
Butter, bread, cheese, bread, butter
In favor of that rant the other day.
Who do you guys think would win in a fight, a grilled cheese or a taco?
Parmigiano Reggiano
A couple grilled cheeses I whipped up
Any grilled cheese and ketchup lovers?
Bread.Butter.Cheese
Lets talk flair.
I made a grilled cheese for a job interview.
Perfectly golden brown
Wholemeal Bread with Cheese and Tomato. White Bread with 3 Cheeses.
Grilled cheese made on a plain bagel with plain butter and a plain pan on a plain stove top.
Kraft singles. White bread. Bacon bits.
Five style Cheddar filling with a Colby crust
Check out the Master
Gluten free multigrain with havarti
Cheese toastie, with cheese on the outside. Yum.
What can I use to make grilled cheese sandwiches if I don't have a press? Will a toasting oven do?
Thanks to Fuck_Blue_Shells post, I was inspired to make my own grilled cheese!
To Appease U/Fuck_Blue_Shells I made my signature grilled cheese with bacon, ground beef, mayo, avacado, and grilled onions
Garlic buttered English muffin with pepper jack cheese.
A perfect combination; whole wheat five grain with provolone cheese and tomato soup.
/r/grilledcheese was the fastest growing non-default subreddit yesterday, beating out 537,667 other subreddits
A ham, cheese, and avocado melt, with a grilled cheese as the cheese
Who else joined this sub and made a grilled cheese as a direct result of the fuck_blue_shells rant?
Arriba Arriba, /u/A la mierda conchas azules, nada mejor que un queso a la parrilla básica
Ravioli is like tiny grilled cheeses if you use tomato basil soup for sauce
You people make me sick.
Mozzarella, peppercorn Asiago, Basil pesto, and Italian herbs served on sourdough.
Can we have thread flair labeled "Fuck_Blue_Shells approved" for true grilled cheese?
A tribute ... to the patty melt.
I'd like to challenge /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells. I don't think he's ever eaten a Grilled Cheese.
I hope I'm doing this right...French bread, parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, butter.
Nothing but Sharp...
I was inspired by u/Fuck_Blue_Shells's post. I just HAD to make a three-cheese-grilled-cheese sandwich today!
Extra Cheddar Cheese Bread + Butter + Old Cheddar
Fact: All Grilled Cheeses are melts but not all Melts are Grilled Cheeses.
To appease /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells I went back to my roots with a gooey Jarlsberg classic.
Read the rant, grilled the cheese. (Sour dough, havarti, provolone, butter)
Are you happy now /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells?
Cheddar and Sourdough with a Parmesan Crust
all this fighting is making me hostile
Thank you fuck_blue_shells.
For u/Fuck_Blue_Shells I made 3 simple grilled cheeses in honor of you :)
Can Terry Crews be our ambassador?
Simple...yet delicious
Thank you /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells
After seeing all these genuine grilled cheeses..I had to share this
Kobayashi thrashes world record for grilled cheeses in 1 minute
I made y'all a super dope grilled cheese galaxy wallpaper/pattern thingy. &lt;3 your moderator.
Low Carb Gluten Free (Parmesan)
Just made this for dinner. Fuck Blue Shells sure knows how to sell a sandwich!
A nice classic, white bread on American.
Hey... I made dis...
[Meta] I agree with Fuck_Blue_Shells that melts ≠ grilled cheese, but I still like melts. Can we keep melts in here if we tag the posts "Melt"?
Tosti Kruidnagelkaas
Sourdough, with cheddar and asiago.
Thought you guys would appreciate this : Dead Like Me - Patty Melt
It should be changed from 'Guilded' to 'Grilleded' for this sub....
Scene from Chef with a great grilled cheese.
You guys can blame /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells for this one, I never though of putting pulled pork on a grilled cheese...until now
Vegan Grilled Cheeze.
Is it just the UK that use these?
First time I've ever had a grilled cheese, how have I existed till now without this wonderful food?
Jon Favreau in "Chef" shows some real attention to detail.
ALL THE CHEESES! (Gouda, sharp cheddar, Swiss, and creamy (laughing cow) Swiss) on honey wheat bread
Simply a grilledcheese.
Grilled Cheese Experts what can I put in my Grilled Cheese without violating it Grilled Cheesiness?
Breakfast - Bega Tasty on Sourdough
I like it simple and gooey. Pepper Jack on White (sorry for potato quality)
my grilled cheese on grilled cheese happy now /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells?
My grilled cheese story in honor of discovering this sub today.
I messed up..
YOU'RE NOT MY SUPERVISOR! Chicken and sautéed balsamic veggy grilled. Cheese.
Herb, buffalo, bleu, goat, and American on hillbilly bread.
Standard grilled cheese. Cheap sharp cheddar and cheap sliced bread.
I'm here because of the front page hype. Mozzarella, cheddar, and provolone on multi-grain.
Just finished this amazing Grilled Sharp Cheddar on Dill Rye with Olive Oil Mayonnaise spread on the buns and a Sriracha/Horseradish spread on the inside of one bun.
Down with melts! (Olive Oil butter spread and gouda)
This local "grilled cheese" restaurant would most likely incur the wrath of Lord Fuck_Blue_Shells
Unfortunately I have no pics for you, but red Leicester and double Gloucester are my favorite grilled cheese cheeses. Sometimes I even get one with a bit of Stilton thrown in. Today, I found this grill worthy beauty. Hot damn
/u/Fuck_u_blueshells , heres your goddam grilled cheese (dont know how to find the image link, can only link to instagram photo, sorry)
For respect of u/Fuck_Blue_Shells, I present to you my cheddar blue cheese prosciutto melt with homemade tomatoe soup.
What the flying fuck are you all babbling about
Is this a grilled cheese?
Sourdough bread and craft singles.
If You Aren't Using Mayo...
Thomas Keller's Grilled Cheese
woke up this morning and demanded mother make grilled cheese in honour of u/Fuck_Blue_Shells.
grilled cheese curds sandwich
Can you have too much cheese on a grilled cheese?
microwave grilled cheese
Thought this belonged here: Taste Testing: Grilled Cheese - by some guys I went to school with
The Grilled Mac and Cheese
What's the best grilled cheese you've ever gotten for your buck?
Grilled (Cheese Sandwich) vs (Grilled Cheese) Sandwich
Lemme Blow Your Mind
I respectfully disagree with the purists herein
Grilled Cheddar Cheese on Whole Wheat with Fresh Jalapeno and Bacon
Herb Goat cheese, baby bell cheese, smoked Mozzarella, sharp cheddar, stuffed with french fries and quatro farmagio on sourdough fried in butter.
Open faced grilled cheese, hold the cheese, add hummus (Am I doing it right /u/Fuck_Blue_Shells?)
Screw you /u/fuck_blue_shells! this was tasty as fuck ( sourdough bacon 4 cheeses chorizo garlic &amp; cayenne) NSFW:MELT
Gourmet Grilled Cheese
Muenster, Provolone, and Cranberry-Jalepeño Jelly on Honey Wheat
Minimalist gourmet: Fontina on olive &amp; asiago bread grilled in garlic basil butter.
Waffle cheese!!
Cheesus Crust- Parmesan crusted sourdough stuffed with Wisconsin sharp white cheddar, Kerrygold Red Leicester, and Brie.
I posted this on /r/funny a while back but it probably belongs here instead. Found it in the cheese section of the supermarket.
This is how you grill cheese! Dill Havarti with 2 y/o Irish Sharp Cheddar on English Muffin bread. Washed it all down with New Belgium's Ranger IPA.
Not homemade but still amazing. Mozzarella and bacon from a small place in Philly.
Grilled Cheese 'Cronuts' Have Exceeded Our Wildest Expectations
Grueyere and Smoked Gouda blend, Wegman's Tuscan Bread, Applewood smoked bacon with roasted tomato bisque.
Ordered a grilled cheese at a local bar. .
At what point does melted cheese between buttered bread, stop being a grilled cheese?
My friend makes bomb ass grilled cheese, and that's not the weed talkin.
Mystery 3 cheeze late night snack
4 different cheeses on a 3 cheese bread, Parmesan grilled
Old Amsterdam cheese, cherry tomatoes, thym baked sandwich. Or 'tosti'; how we call them in The Netherlands.
GC tip: hart to melt cheeses
Gouda &amp; Cheddar on Texas Toast
Baked chicken pesto with mozzarella, avocado, , and tomato on neo Tuscan boule
My grilled cheese from the other night. (X-post r/oddlysatisfying)
Thanksgiving in a grilled cheese
Grilled avocado, provolone, american cheese, and turkey sandwich on whole grain.
I call it the British MILF: Mature British Cheddar, Ground Red Pepper, Ground White Pepper, Onion Powder, Sriracha Sauce on Sourdough
The English Breakfast grilled cheese. Two fried eggs, bacon strips and Dutch Daalder 45+ cheese on brown tiger bread.
The Bacon Bomb. Bacon infused American cheese on honey wheat bread stuffed with Apple wood smoked bacon stripes sizzled in homemade bacon butter.
Muenster Cheese &amp; Basil Pesto :)
Herb goat cheese, sharp cheddar, and smoked mozzarella on a crisp sour dough cooked in grease or man meats
Grilled (Stinky) Limburger Sandwich
Made this salami bad boy today.
American, Sharp Cheddar, Spicy Gouda, and Muenster on Sourdough.
Gouda with applewood ham and honeycrisp apples. I'm going simple, but not giving up taste
Jack, Swiss, Cheddar, and a slice of Priscuiotto on Sourdough!
Fontina and aged cheddar with kale, mushrooms, and onion
Havarti and ham with grilled cheddar on top.
Spicy Thai chili infused tuna and double slices of aged cheddar on Old Mill white bread.
Grilled Mac and Cheese
Whole grain with american and mozzarella
Double cheddar (medium &amp; two-year aged white) and Calabrese salami, on pepper-encrusted whole wheat!
2 cheddars, provolone, tomatoes and caramelized rhubarb tapa: to the jaw
Grilled wasabi cheese sandwich
A simple swiss &amp; mozzarella on rye and pumpernickel swirl bread
My mom just unveiled this creation: Avocado, onion, and American cheese.
Grilled cheese and veggies! Havarti and pepper jack with lettuce and caramelized onions and red peppers, all on garlic sourdough w/ parmesan. Even my cat wants some!
w/ accessories!
Oops... my egg [c]racked
Havarti &amp; sharp cheddar on 9 grain bread with seitan bacon tomato bisque
Colby, mild cheddar, monterey jack, and swiss on butterbread