We can't stop here, this is troll country!
What I often feel like telling every guy I date...
This is fantastic
Cecily Strong at The White House correspondents dinner.
This weekend I passed a huge exam I'd been studying months for!
Out for brunch with my girlfriend, cackling about how hungover we look, when a table of young dudes sends us another round of mimosas. ORW
I'm 6 happy years into a relationship. MRW a married man I work with won't stop telling me about his "feelings" for me. The L word was involved.
me irl
Mistakes were made...
MRW my 5 year old puts her panties on backwards so she can have the "butt space for her vagina". Im still crackin up. Kid logic man
Not only did I get in, but I got the scholarship! I'm going abroad for my PhD!!!
I'm engaged, trolls!
As I wait for Amazon to ship a package....
MFW I ask my BF what he wants to do for his birthday and he responds "you".
My (and my bf's) face when I try the menstrual cup for the first time...
MIRW I see my ex; the one who emotionally abused me, lead me on, pretended to love me because he didn't want to be alone, and then left the state and stopped talking to me after a year of dating, got fat. It might be shallow and horrible of me, but I got pretty happy and I'm not ashamed
MRW my boyfriend talks dirty to me.
Thanks, Facebook.
MRW after two miscarriages, feeling crazy, and never feeling good I learned I had a very treatable estrogen deficiency.
Waking up after a long night of drinking
MRW after weeks of being disrespected, talked down to, and etc by a co-worker. Finally told my boss and he stands up for me. Telling the co-worker that I am great at my job and shouldn't disrespect or doubt me since I have been at the company longer. UGH. Trolls, I'm teary.
All over the shampoo too....
HIFW I've been sitting around all weekend binge watching seasons 1-3 of Game of Thrones while eating nothing but cookies, wheat thins, and mini hot dogs.
I'm more sick than I've ever been in my adult life and my period came unexpectedly in the night
Beach Ready Bodies
Got an extension for chrome that puts a beard on faces, I present to you; The Boob Beard.
MRW some 30-40 year old guy at the 99cent store keeps staring at me and muttering explicit things about me even though I'm a minor
HIF after waiting too long to accept an invite for "drinks sometime" with a cute guy that frequents my workplace.
HFW My mom sends me pictures of me and my sister as kids.
Aren't I Glad I Moved To Florida? Handled This ALL By Myself Ladies!
MRW the ex creepily resurfaces two months after I left him
MRW I get excited about learning about make up once again and get a bunch of palettes and brushes and my friend tells it's "too much".
MRW I hooked up with someone way out of my league.
Using the wrong words bothers me.
The perfect Sunday.
UPDATE!!!!! Dr. HugeCock came back this morning!!! He's coming back in a few hours with "provisions," whatever the fuck that means... CALM ME DOWN TROLLS!!! HALP! (NSFW)
MRW my boyfriend and I try anal for the first time.
I'll roll in the food! I do what I want!
MRW the bridesmaid dress I have to wear Saturday barely zips
HIF right now. A month after getting out of a relationship with a man who tore down my self-esteem, I finally decided to like my body even if he didn't.
HIF right freaking now.
MRW I realize the downvote button in this sub is a mooncup full of blood.
MFW being proud of weight loss then reading fat shaming comments in another sub
Gemma Correll is one of us!
HIFW my boobs are swollen and sore and my man gives them a gentile massage while we're laying in bed.
MRW my best work friend quits, so I call my BF crying and he informs me that he's just been the victim of a hit and run and his car is totaled.
What I wish all children were told, everyday. I think we would be living in a better world, if they were.
A while ago I posted a picture of me in a pizza sweatshirt and y'all seemed to like it…it's only gotten better
How I'm going to feel tomorrow after spending the entire day in bed
MRW a male customer gets huffy and tells me that "only women smoke 100s" after I ask for clarification on if he wanted to purchase Marlboro light or marlboro light 100 cigarettes
Live in the lap of luxury!
MRW my best friend's girlfriend says she thinks that it's possible and okay for an 8 year old to consent to sex with an adult
Nancy accepts zero shit.
Be strong!
HIFW A month ago it became official that I will never have a relationship with the man I love, and I lost my best friend. I haven't seen him since and I probably won't ever see him again. Trolls, I need a hug.
MRW my SO had to unexpectedly work today, but I'm making the best of it with a Broad City marathon. I love this show!
M(friend's)RW his ex messaged him for the first time in 5+ years to say she's naming her first child after him
Needed brute strength to get a baby seat off my bike. All the neighbours call "the man". MRW he couldn't do it but I eventually did with the help of mom and daughter
So ladies, I was looking online for some actual dinnerware for myself. Tempted to say screw it and get these instead.
MRW, while I was rinsing out my conditioner and pulling the stray hairs from my ass, I discovered one that would not budge. Turns out, the 6 inch long hair had been secretly growing just above my ass crack... Cheeky little bastard.
my boy gets me off in a new way and asks if I'm going to tell 'those girls on the internet' about it
Update on having to put my dog down: I now own a Newfoundland named Athena!
MRW I've set a new personal record of being rejected in some way by three guys in less than a week.
The man I thought I would marry broke up with me after almost seven years, said the distance was too much. I'm crushed.
Dangerously close to texting this to a new gentleman caller after two insane night shifts...
MRW I pull those icky hairs that get stuck between your cheeks out and get a really good long one.
HIFW I start re-watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy!
MRW my best friend calls me to say her mom offered to drive her over so she can spend the night (we're 28).
I have betrayed you all
MRW I check trollx this afternoon for a laugh and stumble on a mean post that happens to be about me. Ouch.
Butts Nouveau (xpost /r/TinaBelcher)
MRW realizing my rather large labia would have been balls if I were born a guy.
My BF but not BF who lives with me but doesn't want titles decided to be an even more confusing jerk than normal. He's allergic to shelfish, this is my plan for tonight.
Finding people that don't believe hymens can break and bleed from PIV.
PSA for all you lovely trolls, if you own a cat and a vibrator do not buy your cat this toy!
My bestie put this on my FB wall, I thought it also belonged here.
Thought you guys might appreciate one of the new PostSecrets
Taking the perfect, mess-less shit that puts you into a good mood afterward.
MRW We are finally about to put an offer on a house and my husband gets unexpectedly laid off.
I went to a scarecrow festival today, thought you ladies might like this horse I saw!
When my SO texts me that's he's going to "take care of me" when he gets home.
MRW I wake up from a nightmare of a guy I broke up with who kept following me around, asking if we could talk, and telling me that he still loved me(even though we only dated for like 3 days and knew each other for a week before)
Men and boob sizes
MRW I wake up to half of the bed soaking wet because my BF fell asleep with a open bottle of water
MRW all my finals are coming up this week after I got dumped a week ago and haven't done any studying.
I met a guy on OKC, and we've been on a few dates in the last couple of weeks. Last night I invited him back to my place to fool around, and his cock was so big that I got scared and backed out. MRW he pulled it out...
MRW the support for a gig I'm looking forward to is announced, and it's just as awesome as the headliner
My friend's mum left her a very important note. Thought you guys would appreciate it.
MRW I forget where I am and try to explain respectful trans terminology in a default
MRW my ex best friend who broke up my relationship sends me an FB message to say she misses me
I'm getting married in two weeks.The minister wants me to incorporate the story of how I met my fiancee into the wedding. MRW we met on Fetlife in a bondage group.
This is how i'm feeling about dating now,can't handle any more heartbreak.
Keeping it classy
I JUST FINISHED MY DISSERTATION!!!
Launching a one-shot (single session) online DND game at 7:30 EST if anyone wants to join!
MRW my ex's mom starts sending me texts harassing me for breaking up with him.
MRW I bled through my pants in public and had to leave and miss an event I've been looking forward to and now I'm crying at home
MRW a co-worker SOMEHOW manages to bring up sex shops into convo with my new boss and I. Trolls, we were stuck in a car. Thankfully it ended fast. Lol.
MRW- Trying to figure out where to live, when to buy a new car and everything else post graduation
Or just...a normal-sized boss
When your vibrator dies when you're almost finished
I've been scared to adopt a cat since my childhood cat was perfect. But my sisters kitty had kittens... This is my baby. 3-4weeks and he's mine. Meet Henry 😍
Funny Feminist Burlesque
Trolls, this just happened to me, I'm not even sure how to tell him...
MRW I keep slowly remembering bits and pieces from Friday night. I was such a drunken fool.
HIF as a college senior writing cover letters for jobs I don't really have enough experience to qualify for
I woke up at 6am to my super drunk boyfriend vomiting, trying to clean up said vomit, then overflowing the toilet. MRW I am now responsible for cleaning up the gross water all over the bathroom
Me now that our washing machine has been broke for two weeks.
I'm watching my calorie intake, so this is my new wine glass
I've started on the contraceptive injection and, just as hoped, it's completely gotten rid of my period!
MRW I forgot to pick up more birth control, have been on continuous use of the Pill and am now having my first period in 7 months.
[OC] My fiancée put me in charge of our wedding cake topper; thankfully she loves the result as much as I do. (x-post from /r/pics)
If TrollX were an 80s traditional heavy metal album
MRW I tell my guy friend I want my abs to show, and he says "abs on girls confuse my penis." Dude, I ain't doing it for you.
New TrollX meetup group for all my UK Trolls! Lets hang out IRL ! :)))
MRW I am nearly one strong IPA into the evening and I have become TrollX's upvote fairy. Take that, downvoters!
A mothers love is eternal. (My mom is the grey text)
Pretty accurate representation of my life right now...
MRW my mother says, "some of that stuff is x-rated" in regards to Star Wars fan fiction.
Trolls in ltrs, I'm in need of your wise and unbiased opinions :( story in comments.
MRW I spend a solid 15 minutes examining my labia in the mirror
At work wondering why my panties feel so wet. MRW i remember I'm on my period and haven't changed my tampon all day.
Breaking out of a toxic relationship. I just need to stay strong. What do normally do to empower yourself?
MRW my bfs little brother compliments the patch job on his door, til he is told I did it and says there's still a dent in it
The time has come once more. Happy April 25th trolls!
I always feel a sense of accomplishment when this happens. Take that, period!!
MRW in our second year of marriage and first year of getting a business off the ground, my parents-in-law pay our $1,000 in late utility bills so our power and water don't get shut off....
HIFW I get back to my place after a weekend of incredible sex with my SO and all of a sudden I realise I've got a water infection and IT HURTS LIKE FIRE!!!!!!
M(internal)RW my SO admits (after months of suspecting) that he has little to no sex drive... (has not always been the case) I, on the other hand... have no such libido issue...
Trolls, I had the best 1st date yesterday...and it's my cake day!
Trolls come in all shapes and sizes.
Thought for the weekend. Have a good one Trolls!
HIF now that I've actually had a productive day, made plans with someone, and it is sunny outside
MRW I get wine drunk and start watching The IT Crowd for the first time.
MRW I meet my male friend's female friend at a party for the first time and she goes out of her way to insult me three times. Also, 1.) I have serious feelings for my male friend. 2.) He seems to want to bone her.
Despite going to a job fair and getting zero bites, I'm doing well in grad school, on the path to getting in shape, and hung out with a handsome man yesterday. This is me today!
MRW visiting TrollX. I fucking love you people.
I just spent the last four hours messaging what appears to be LITERALLY my perfect man. And he's actually looking for a relationship. And he is cute. And he gets me and this is how he said goodnight. I can't handle this right now, I'm too happy to sleep.
In honour of collectively being financially irresponsible in favour of new spring clothes.
MRW my friend tells some guy that she likes a band and his reply is "name some songs by them then", while he counts up on his fingers.
MRW my good friend is in the hospital, my SO is going through a lot of family issues, my car has to be repaired, I have $1 in my bank account, and I get unexpectedly fired today from my job of over a year.
After the correspondents dinner, can we make this bumper sticker a thing?
The color the water changed to when I washed my bras.
One of us. One of us.
MFW I woke up from a wet dream to discover that I'm just laying in a pool of my own blood...
Y'all, my husband and I paid off my student loans and I am feeling fucking FAB-U-LOUS!
I'm a bridesmaid, MRW the bride tells me I need to arrive at 9:00 AM to do hair/makeup for a 5:00 PM ceremony.
My friend just said this in a group chat calling female bees who sleep with 40 different male bees sluts. I'm so mad, how do I even respond?
Resl talk, trolls: post-abortion hormonal changes are no joke, especially when depression is a thing I already have. If you have an e-hug to spare, I could use it.
Something I've noticed since starting college and not working out for several months...
MRW after having a bottle of wine two Fridays in a row, my roommate tells me I should stop drinking so much.
HIF trying to escape an awkward conversation
Here's one of the reasons why every TrollX should read The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl.
MRW my Long Distance Relationship doesn't even last a month...
MRW I'm told, as a lesbian, I'm still a virgin because real sex=PIV
MRW I'm reading though all the really amazingly supportive comments on here, then there is someone being so awful and mean.
HIFW I haven't had caffeine in a year and I just had an energy drink.
Get it? Sorry I'm on my pain meds and a Whovian.
me trying to figure out how my crush feels about me
A year after an awful break up, I started seeing someone who I actually liked for once. Today, he told me that he's getting back together with his ex.
#feministsareugly is trending twitter, today... Sometimes I think women are the most hated group, ever.
This is why I shouldn't have my phone when I drink
I just really want to get it over with so I can go back to paying my bills on time.
Every time I try to put on my favorite high waist jeans.
She's already trolling me... And she's still in kindergarten!
MRW a guy says he loves me after a week of talking
MRW my usually-gassy SO leaves the bed smelling like his musk instead of his farts
The problem with a new pair of jeans...
This says it all.
Thought one of my new tank tops seemed a bit small, so I measured it. Yeah, THIRTEEN inches across the chest and a tag that reads XL? No wonder women have body issues.
MRW arguing with my SO about whether or not I said something, and he starts talking down to me- ON PURPOSE.
Ladles, it's 4am my time and I've never posted on this sub before but it's my favourite. I'm up late and, watching QI and dranking whiskey. Don't fancy going to bed yet, chat?
Crazy cat ladies unite on this fine Caturday-- please share pictures of your cats! Here's my girl Lucy.
A little girl stood in that circle at recess until someone came and asked her to play. Impressive solicitation.
MRW I see a guy with a well-done fade haircut.
I found out today my godmother's husband is treating her badly.
trolls, you might enjoy my kitten playing fetch.
My cousin said "it's sad and revolting" that Bruce Jenner is "confused" and wants to be a woman
HIF Shaving for a Date after a Dry Spell
I came off the pill for a few months, and every month it's getting worse and worse. Uterus! Stop trying to gnaw your way out of my back! DO NOT WANT!
Guy I'm chatting with on tinder tries a little dirty talk. Bombs in the worst way and finds out I'm gross.
MRW I play it cool for the first time in my life and the guy I'm interested in TEXTS ME FIRST and asks me to brunch
Finally pull myself out of a suicidal slump just to realize I've permanently screwed up the most important things in my life.
I'm a graduating college senior. MFW my friends complain about class registration for next semester.
Trolls, I have a job interview for an AMAZING job on Monday, but I'm probably going to mangle it. Help a sister out!
My Doctor's Reaction when I told her my periods can last up to 10 days. She thought I was kidding.
TFW I finally get that stubborn ingrown hair
I'm broken. I keep having nightmares about my abusive ex and I don't know how to deal.
MFW I've had a rough two weeks AND my car just broke down. I just want to crawl into a hole.
MRW after a long extensive shopping trip to find a prom dress I realise I hate all the clothes because I hate my body and don't know how to dress it anymore since I put on weight.
My cousin was telling me he hasn't got foxtel in his room and I told him I do. MRW he replies "and you're how old still living at home?"
The sooner I go to sleep the sooner I'll be waking up and have to do stuff. It's like reverse christmas. Me right now.
HIFW I've started having anxiety/panic attacks and I have a debate, two tests and one assessment due tomorrow and I'm not prepared for anything.
me irl (x-post r/me_irl)
That time of the month again
Tomorrow I'm giving my little sister "the talk" since I'm very certain my parents won't talk to her about sex and certainly wouldn't give her accurate information if they did. I am so terrified, Trolls.
MRW I see people talking about how supportive and great this sub is but I get nothing but downvotes whenever I post.
HIFW my brain alternates between being over my toxic ex and okay with his life choices, and obsessing over him
MRW I start dating the perfect guy...and I'm moving 1000km away in 3 months.
HIFW my bf says he doesn't know when he'll get to see me next because he works so much
MRW I thought girls used their real nails to do stiletto nails, so I shaped my nails like that. Then I watched a YouTube tutorial and they're acrylic extensions...
Trolls!!!! I had the BEST. SEX. EVER. last night/this morning... Oh god... I don't have anyone to brag to. Can I tell you? (NSFW)
MFW a woman in a minivan yells at another woman walking in front of me telling her that she's a whore and "to get a college degree."
MRW I lost my RES settings with all my glorious tags
MFW yet another show or movie has atleast ten scenes of tits in it.
MRW a "friend" posted a status saying that women are bad drivers. I got so angry in the internet argument that my vision got blurry.
HIFW I was posting on reddit drunk last night and I didn't make an idiot out of myself
Chatting with my SO after sending him pictures of adoptable puppies all day. Disclosure: I'm ovulating pretty hard.
MRW I get a tinder account, but can't decide whether I really want to respond to any of the messages I'm getting.
MRW I walk past the full length mirror after a fresh spring shave.
MFW he says I'm not his type, asks me to hook him up with one of my friends, then asks to have a 3some with me and make me his slut, all in the span of half an hour.
MRW I finally shave my legs
Apparently my ass tells the truth too.
How I feel when the optometrist is trying to get new glasses to sit symmetrically on my face.
HIF the bf canceled our plans because I slept in, my friend invited me to a party on the other side of town, and all I actually want to do today is stay home and think about my obvious signs of Depression
This shit right here! Posted without the least bit of irony by that one chick at work who's so damn proud of her status as a "tease". Just, no.
HIF after finding a bowling ball at Goodwill that fits my short fat fingers!
I immediately regretted it last time I shaved my legs. MRW I noticed the tiny hairs appearing back this morning.
I have to get up in five hours, but am I sleeping? Nope, I'm writing zombieporn for my SO!
HIF when I found out today that my coworker invited everyone from work to her wedding next week...except for me.
My Sicilian grandma leaned over my dad's meatball mixture and said, "needs more cheese, it still smells like meat."
HIF when my tampon is being slowly pushed out because I'm squatting down every 30s at work, it's getting busy and I know it's going to be at least 3h before I get a bathroom break.
MFW I send a snapchat meant for my best friend to the guy I'm talking to... And it's about him.
Trolls, the ACT is in 2 days and I'm freaking out and my boyfriend keeps trying to help me study but I'm still freaking out... Help? What are your study tips?
MRW the guy who said he didn't want to date me and "just be friends" isn't really trying to be friends, but still occasionally likes things I post on social media, especially things about me being single or posts about and from friends.
I'm going through a break up with my boyfriend of 2 years and this is quite possibly the hardest thing I've ever been through. MFW someone tries to comfort me when I can't help but think we still belong together. :(
MFW after years of unlined resting bitch face, I now have visible laugh lines because two months of having braces has made me smile *all the time* 😁
Well I just finished my Bachelor's Thesis and I'm getting pretty drunk....how about you lovely Trolls??
MRW I see men complaining about the "last drop" after they pee like it's something only they deal with. Any other women also hate those little trails when you get up?
MRW my computer crashes 3 times in a row on a Saturday morning.
Trolls! My boyfriend learned the meaning of bae! This happened!
MRW I pick up my shoe and...is that a spider in there?
hifw i'm moving out in little over a month and my entire family is trying to make me feel horrible about it and guilt trip me
My SO just dropped me off after the last night we could have spent together, as he is moving out of the country. MFW I have to run to the restroom at work to keep from crying in front of the customers.
Condolences to our southern Trolls
MRW my friend is caught out in a hailstorm and afterwards she is worried about taking off her icy, sodden clothes and standing near the heater in front of others because she has on daggy underwear.
MRW I got promoted today to Business Development Manager!
MRW I finally managed to grow my nails (instead of biting them) and now I have to relearn how to zip up my pant and type on my computer.
GUYS! I MANAGED TO FIND GHOST PEPPER SALSA HERE IN VANCOUVER! I DON'T HAVE TO GIVE THAT UP WITH MY BREAKUP, WHICH WAS MONTHS AGO! :D :D :D
My up and down relationship is over after my boyfriend moved to Arizona =/
MRW I overhear classmates saying my friend got a job offer because she's an attractive girl, not because of the awesome skills she has
MRW I find out my boyfriend looks at subreddits like /r/PrettyGirls (which feels way different than porn or celebrities). Am I crazy for feeling like this?
I'm feeling quite "awesome" and I love y'all! What's in store for your Saturday?
HIFW I venture into r/all
Well... I can now add 'Enchanted' to the list of movies not to watch during shark week.
Trying to initiate a relationship with a guy who is 4 years older than me
My sister from another mister was born one of us.
Got a big piece of work due soon but I'm browsing this sub because thinking about it is stressful.
Good morning trolls!
MRW my group mates in my MASTER'S PROGRAM constantly single me out in group e-mails to ask questions about assignments. I passive-aggressively respond with "well, as the syllabus states..."
Ladies I'm off my antibiotics and can finally start my yest infection medicine!!
I'm drunk off 1/2 a beer. You are all so very nice.
A perfect Saturday
MRW Bruce Jenner says "I look at women all the time and think, how lucky they are that they can wake up and be themselves."
MRW my personal life is falling apart and I can't seem to get out of my slump.
MRW some of my threads or comments in threads from different subreddits are being randomly downvoted rather quickly. Can't tell if troll or people don't like me being helpful and thankful.
MRW I hear someone talk about Bruce Jenner's courage, and in the same breath, criticize another woman for being 'too manly'.
It's really just not my day. Severe chest pains, the constant need to bawl my eyes out. But still needing to keep it together for my family. And yet you all are the only ones I can tell.
The two only reasons where I'd approve of soliciting... Chocolate and flowers could be ok too.
When I'm getting super excited to watch the White House Correspondents' Dinner
This week my car got totaled, I found out I may not be graduating this spring, had insane legal issues dropped onto my plate, my boyfriend has been extremely distant, and it's been so difficult getting out of bed everyday and continuing life like everything is normal.
MRW someone mentions that my face 'looks like you are going to murder someone' after a very long, busy day at work.
And then he asked me if I was a troll.
MRW I plan to stay inside with my cat the whole weekend
What's wrong with that?
MRW some jerk just spoiled GoT for me.
Anyone wanna throw some drawing ideas my way? (Details inside)
Giraffe by GDBee (xpost /r/EbonyImagination)
HIFW my manager went to Vegas and brought me back white chocolate Reese's! (We don't have white chocolate Reese in BC Canada...if we do they are hard to find!)
"NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO OH GOD NO MY EYES MY BRAIN THIS IS THE WORST THING I HAVE EVER READ" - a brilliant review of an erotic choose-your-own adventure book.
I don't mean to sound ungrateful but after ten years writing electronic music, this gets really frustrating
MRW I read that the first female head of the NBA players union said in her interview “I bet you can tell I’m a woman. ... My past is littered with the bones of men who were foolish enough to think I was someone they could sleep on."
MRW someone says I can't support the "no thigh gap" movement, because I'm naturally thin and have a thigh gap.
MRW I finally understand why Kim left his ass after 72 days when saw Kris Humphries' mean, condescending and cruel tweet after Bruce Jenner came out
MRW I realize I'm done university and have to be an adult now
MRW My husband has it up again after five minutes
Ladies, I've found one of our ancestors... Pill poppin', penis loving, Satan's girl!
My last day at my shitty job was this last Thursday. I thought I would be relatively stressfree until last night as I'm getting drunk and trying to understand the mortgage application paperwork.
MRW I watched my dream self screw up a presentation that was being watched and assessed by Amy Poehler... and she was dissappointed in me
My SO gets it
MRW I'm being hit on while waiting for my burrito at a taco truck, but I'm way too stoned to say anything.
MRW my SO asks if I'm really going to just sit around in my underwear eating chips the rest of the night
MRW when my date confesses he's married but still wants to sleep with me, then says I only have morals because I haven't reached my 30s yet
Now that I think about it....absolutely.
My dead fancy framed collage type thing
MRW I just realized it's called a "Skater" dress because it looks like an iceskating skirt... not skateboarding.
MRW when I go to the track to try to run off some sexual frustration, but the rugby team is practicing
We're having my bf's delicious steak tomorrow and I'm already getting antsy; if I am being honest, most of our courtship has involved him feeding me. MRW...[NSFW]
On the Prowl
HIFW I have more than one FWB situation going on
One of my fifth grader was wearing this
MRW I get tipsy and try to initiate sex with hubs when he says, "Honestly I'm not really in the mood."
MRW: I say "I was wrong; I'm sorry," and he says "I know."
I Think I Found Another Troll. She is 80 Years Old with 70 Pairs of Unique Sunglasses. (Link to Article in Comments)
I think we can all relate to this
Today my period came very unexpectedly and ruined a cute pair of underwear. We salute our fallen solider, fellow Trolls.
HIF about myself as I'm making a grocery list in Excel, then cutting and pasting the items in the order they're stocked in the store.
I'm not even mad nobody wants to hang with me on my birthday.
Celebrating every woman in an unconventional way
MRW internet dudebros hate on women with short hair
My status as a crazy-cat-lady was in jeopardy after meeting this cute but stressful fur ball.
MRW my boyfriend gives me a drill and a bottle of bourbon as a house warming gift
MRW my SO asks me which beverage I would like with breakfast by asking "would you like to have coffee poops or tea poops today?"
MRW I wake up to drizzle and cold weather, I have to take a bunch of little kids to a baseball game in a few hours, and find out my period has started.
Discussing social issues on Reddit is the best.
HIFW my BF and I break up on my birthday, my brother is the only one to give me a gift, and my friends backed out of our river trip planned for this weekend.
HIF trying to find true love
My coworkers' reaction when I pick up the snake they've been waiting an hour for animal control to come capture.
Accurate depiction of me around children
Going back to school at 25 for a fucking bachelors. What is adulthood?
Trolls, I am in heaven right now!!!
MRW I realize that I'm not the only one my FWB has on call and when she wants it, she gets it.
Don't you hate it when a young puppy going for his first walkies says hello to you because he knows you two are meant to be together but that stupid human is ruining everything.
Pms so hard I swear if one more person talks to me...
SNL's response to Time Magazine's "Can anyone stop Hillary?" cover
MRW I go to pick up pizza at the local pizzeria and the super hot, way-out-of-my-league Italian guy I always check out winks at me and tells me I look very beautiful today.
MRW my friend tries tearing me down because I put in effort every day to be healthy and look cute.
MRW I'm putting on a brand new pair of pantyhose, and discover they have a run in them before I even finish putting them on for the first time.
Facebook advertising "natural birth control" this is disaster waiting to happen
How infuriating are these kinds of Facebook memes?
Ended up breaking up with my boyfriend because we just had different hopes for the future...why is the smart choice so frustrating?
Everything pisses me off today.
MRW my friend brings me dinner and cake because I am staying late in lab and freaking out about my upcoming qualifying exam
MRW someone tells me, while they were smoking a cigarette, that I was "basically drinking cancer" due to the plastic reusable ice cubes in my drink.
MRW I see on Facebook that Bruce Jenner has come out as transgender and all the top comments are uber supportive and she is being gendered correctly
That's something, right?
MRW I'm in the fertile stage of my cycle, wearing lace panties and a skirt. It literally dripped down my thighs while I was walking from one class to the next.
MFW everything is upsetting me and I need someone to hold me but I also want to be left completely alone.
MRW I somehow manage to orgasm in my sleep
My newsfeed recently
It's almost like the rules are arbitrary and there's no winning
I thought birth control and getting older were supposed to make periods easier. So why has my monthly Communist Invasion gotten so much worse the last few months?
I don't think I have ever bought anything full price. Ever. I hope I am not alone.
MRW the guy I'm seeing said I gave him the best blow job he's ever had.
MRW I have the apartment all to myself, pull out my vibrator for happy fun times.....and it no longer wants to turn on.
Thoughts on a Friday at 3pm.
I have a system
MRW she says, "I'm wary of anybody who says they're a feminist. I mean, American feminists don't understand how good they have it here."
HIF when I pick up an agency job on the side today which (due to today being a Public Holiday) pays 4 TIMES my normal hourly rate. It's gonna rain cash, money bitches today!
MRW I found out Chris Evans and Jeremy Brenner went full dudebro during an interview and called Black Widow a "total slut".
My life (x-post from /r/me_irl)
Willpower
MFW my roommate tells me "Girls just don't want a nice guy like me"
MRW I get admitted to a great grad school program...but I have to move away from my SO of four years
MFW I discover, after my first date with a cute guy, that I smudged eyeliner ALL over my face and bled through my tampon
Honest girlythings. Pls tell me I'm not alone.
eat them too
MFW I realise that while I was talking to a friend I see almost every day, I completely missed a Chris Pratt AMA I didn't even know was happening until it was over:
My friend created this beautiful comic and I'm in tears. Whatever you trolls are going through, you're fabulous and I love you all. Stay strong.
It's been years, I really should be able to tell the difference by now
MRW my boss actually gets up and walks out of his office to comment on my coworker's yawn with "oh, I'm soooo sorry to be keeping you awake!" Whaaaaat an asshole.
Any other trolls shedding their winter coat??
HIF after 6 months of unemployment I regret quitting my awful deli job :(
That will show him who's boss!
Looked in the mirror this morning. Thought I finally gained weight and looked healthier. MRW I see a pic someone took of me today and I look skinnier than ever.
Guys Friendzone So Hard it's Not Even Funny
It's been a rough week trolls.
After a breakup that came out of nowhere this is how i've been feeling today..and we broke up 3 months ago.
MFW on a work call with our older, male boss my coworker goes into detail about her difficulties putting on bras/wearing clothes in general after a bike accident.
MRW my classmate tells me I'm "overdressed" for school
MFW I sniff and take a sip of the "Mystery Shot" at my local hole in the wall bar and accurately guess what it is.
HIL waking up this morning after 12 hours of many needed sleepsᕦ😪
HIFW the weather is nice for barely a week, and now it's cold enough to have a freeze warning.
MRW my ex started messaging me again
PMS is when you tear up at the Lady Gaga episode of the Simpsons
MRW my Russian SO tells me that a dinner I made is up there in his favorites along with his mom's borscht!
MRW I applied for a board position at city hall and got called for an interview ten minutes later
MFW people complain during my last day at work that they're not "prepared" enough for me to leave yet, after unappreciating and bullying me for eight years. Adios, mofo's!
Reading through yet another Reddit thread in which way too many comments declare women constantly lie about being raped because they are mad that a guy broke up with them
HIF after an amazing first date with an amazing new guy after getting out of a bad relationship of 2.5 years.
Start going down on your guy only to find things are kinda funky
MRW I realize I just casually let my 5 year relationship fall to pieces.
I cut off ~1.5ft of hair into a pixie cut yesterday, now I keep trying to take out a non-existent ponytail!
MRW my doctor tells me I probably have IBS
One of my favorite conversations.
MRW my boyfriend puts in a huge effort to look good because my hot friend is coming over to study.
HIFW I had to go thru photos on my phone and I see photos of my bf and me having fun. We are currently on a break and I am not sure if we will get back together.
MRW I'm on my period and EVERYTHING upsets me...
Troll workout :)
MRW I get called into work on my day off for the third week in a row
MRW my doctor tells me I have to cut all dairy from my diet INCLUDING CHEESE
I'm a brand new teacher. MRW other teachers say things like "OH MY GOD, you're a baby! You look 15!"
Replacing the batteries in my vibrator
M(Initial)RW I saw a dick in real life for the first time.
HIFW I successfully cut up a whole pineapple for the first time.
MFW trying to work after learning this morning I have HPV and I may have cervical cancer, and I've only had one sexual partner ever.
MFW my SO promised an IOU for some oral play time after work, but came home and took a nap until it was time for our dinner plans with friends. Sad kitty. :(
M(my and my friend's)RW I make terrible dirty jokes
MRW some guy contacts me interested in my business, seems to be looking for an opportunity to get involved, and then asks if I'm single.
A Liqueur from the "Nice Guy" in your life
HIF now that after almost 3 years, I have to be single again and actually sort my shit out.
Every time someone posts about tinder I have to google it
A customer asked me today if my hair was real or a weave. I'm so confused.
There was a passed out drunk girl on the bus today, with the bystander effect in full force. (Story in comments)
MRW the guy I'm talking to says me wondering what having a penis is like is the same as him wanting a vagina just to be a slut
MRW I get bombed with dick pics I didn't ask for
This is who I am as a person. AMA
HIFW I check out my ex's twitter and see that ever since we broke up it's been full of meninist retweets and passive aggressive comments about me
MRW, as a senior already accepted to medical school and subsequently suffering from major senioritis, some classmates ask If I'd like to join their study group for the final
MRW I see my best friend eating saltines and drinking ginger ale first thing in the morning.
HIFW having sex with my SO with Star Wars on in the background.
MRW life wants me to get up and do responsible adult things.
Wonder Woman feels our pain and is totally one of us!
MRW I finally cleaned the drain cover because my hair was almost entirely blocking it; flipped it over to discover congealed, goopy, broken down hair. Plus I'm pregnant.
MRW I'm playing football in the park my Uni's football society and a random woman comes up and tells me and the only other woman there to 'keep it up'...
I've been 4 months sober after a 2yr painkiller addiction, and 1yr sober from 7yrs of self harm. I've thrown all my progress out the window, this has been the hardest month of my life.
"My mother will always mean more to me than you will, or any other woman."
Trying to contain my excitement when I get a surprise raise and find out I'm getting a new puppy in the same day. Fridays are fucking awesome.
Amy Schumer is one of my favorite Trolls, and she's made the song of our people- "Milk Milk Lemonade" from Inside Amy Schumer.
HIFW bleaching out sections of my hair last night. Never again.
MRW I awoke from a nightmare in which my cat drowned then turned into an aerosol can, my mother physically attacked me with lemon cough syrup, and my boyfriend kept calling me by his ex wife's name...
HIF right now. My period hit with no notice and I can't take enough painkillers to make the pain stop.
MRW I meet someone this weekend, they add me on facebook and they just posted about why they need to flirt while in a relationship.
When my friends tell me they call me a hussy because "You're too classy to be a slut."
MRW I see my carefully chosen turkey sandwich has double the calories of the burger.
MRW I'm trying to avoid the new guy who makes rude comments to start conversations with me about a good friend at work.
I managed to get to the bathroom before my (surprise!) period ruined my new underwear but somehow managed to get a giant glob on my bathroom rug.
MRW I get a yest infection
I don't know who made this or where it came from, but today was my last day of classes! Happy LDOC, fellow uni-trolls!
Tests have been taken. Papers have been written. Now drinks will be drunk.
MFW I currently have the flu and feel like a troll while another girl (albeit a good friend) takes my man friend (LDR) to his fraternity formal, and I have to make do with snapchats and texts of everything awesome that I'm missing + I feel like a shitty girlfriend for not being there. Fuck it all.
This is a yoga routine I can commit to.
H(it)FW it's heavy flow day and I have to be out of the house doing things.
MRW I start my period early while on vacation, and I notice a red stain on the white sheets.
HIFW I get a new mineral to add to my mineral collection
Waking up from a dream involving really delicious tacos.
Me in bed with a new guy trying to figure out what he likes
MRW My Ex wants to Hang Out and Watch Steven Universe after Break Up
MRW anyone says something the least bit annoying to me while I'm pmsing
How I felt this morning, eating leftover Easter candy...for breakfast...in the shower~
But I'm a nice guy...
/r/funny just reminded me of Absolutely Fabulous, Darling!
HIFW I accidentally click the down vote button when I wanted to up vote something
Whenever a controversial post ends up here and dudes try to interject, I can't help but think of this (and lol)
I just had this conversation on a dating. I cant even begin to describe how fucked up this type of thinking is.
My reaction to those who find me tasteful and classy. I say this since I am pierced to high heaven and have sea green hair.
MRW I come to the realisation that there is a wasps nest very damn close to my flat. Ten of those bastards have found their way into my flat over the course of three days. I'm allergic to wasp stings :/
My 9 year old... Troll in training!
MRW my partner tells me I need to shower and shave
HIFW my period ended on Friday last week and started THIS Friday.
Gorgeous and inspirational illustrations by Brazillian artist Carol Rossetti
Science discovered something "interesting" about pressure and vibration for women. I got a bit of a giggle!
Happy with my boyfriend, but...
To the guy that hit on me at work then politely backed off when I said I wasn't looking
Ladies, I've been a long time visitor of this sub. You all have helped me in a myriad of ways. Today is my cake day I'm going through the hardest break-up of my life. I thought a Sixteen Candles post would accurately describe my current state. I'm so freaking sad, Trolls.
MRW After struggling with social anxiety, my new friend tells me I'm not socially awkward. (x-post r/aww)
MFW my roommate has unexpected guests over
MRW During some awesome, teasing dirty talk my boyfriend asks me 'maybe you want me to use my handsy wandsys down there?'
Over thinking about EVERYTHING is ruining my life. Do any of you wonderful trolls have some advice? I could really use some objective words of wisdom...
When I'm on a first date, and somehow while making out he manages to free his package from his pants and tries to push my head down towards it.
This guy gets me.
I got to see Age of Ultron last night! Already counting down until Civil War and Infinity War...
I got mirena yesterday, and now that the pain has subsided, I constantly feel like I need to fart.
GUYS OH MY GOD, THE NEW AVENGERS MOVIE IS OUT AND I'M SEEING IT TOMORROW!
MRW I look down and realize I missed half my arm while fake tanning
MRW guys stop talking to me after they found out I have a boyfriend...
Its a cold dayand I always leave my box of tampons on the bathroom window sill... that plastic feels....
MRW my Dad says, "every tattoo you put on your body shrinks the percentage of men who will want to marry you."
MRW Finals are in a week, had to cut contact with former friends, and I get laid off.
MRW after breaking up with verbally abusive exSO he tries to "get me back" and on top of that, my ex (whom instead of helping me fight my coke addiction LEFT me) tells me he's "never stopped loving me" and wants me back.
I'm in the depression phase of my hangover. Ugggh.
MRW I may have accidentally broken my hymen with a tampon (South Carolina sex ed, so I'm not totally sure.) Either way, owwww.
MRW a little girl in the 4th grade class I volunteer for tells me that my eyeliner wings are extra pretty today and that I look like Taylor Swift
me irl
MRW I'm a 30 year old male lurker who discovered Broad City through this sub and binged watched 2 seasons in 2 days.
MRW I'm the first person my best friend of 10 years comes out to, and he then tells me not only has he known for a very long time that he was gay but that I was always the person he was going to tell first.
HIFW I thought I was doing well today at work and the MOD asks me "what happened?"
MRW someone complimented my eyebrow game today
MR(to) the latest episode of Grey's.
MRW When I guy that I am ‘interested’ in mentions something he saw on reddit
I just watched last night's Grey's Anatomy
D&amp;D is my favorite thing, EVER. I live in a small town, and have been trying unsuccessfully for almost 10 years to get and keep a group going. MRW my SO makes one with his friends and DOESN'T TELL ME.
Ugh. Trolls, my dog died today.
HIF at work on Fridays
Oh, Trolls, I'm so frustrated.. For some reason when men find out I'm a belly dancer; they assume that I give lap dances.. Or that I'll give them a "private naked dance."
I'm going through a rough time and my "best friend" has totally abandoned me. Why can't I hold down any female friends?
MFW the only thing I manage to achieve, after a day of crushing depression, is going out to get snacks.
My boyfriend comes home from a month long tour today!
MRW, after telling my 13-year-old niece her outfit looks really nice, she confidently replies, "I know."
HIFW I'm stuck on a camping trip with my FWB who I can finally have uninterrupted sex with but I get a yeast infection from the antibiotics for the UTI I got from having sex with him and I'm scared to tell him any of this for fear of grossing him out
MRW my husband tells me he is giving me cunnilingus and cake for our anniversary.
My survey and thesis proposal got approved by IRB!
Nothing EVER prepares you for your first blowy D:
My room-mate is a fellow troll...our conversation regarding my SO destroying my bed. "Men are full of dark magic."
My bestie's little sister is one of us! SAUCY.
how I celebrated the sex i had last night
MRW a man twice my age tries to neg me on okc
Thought fellow Trolls might like this Booze Lightyear video! Oh, sex education... Guys Describe a Vagina
Agreed to let my new boyfriend "temporarily" stay with me. It's been a month and he's not showing any signs of leaving soon...
HFW getting back on estrogen injections after being off of them for 2 days
When somebody tells you to "calm your tits".
MRW I'm watching a comedian and he starts making jokes about how annoying dating is, since all guys just want to fuck, and all girls are make them "go through the motions of getting to know them."
MRW I find another Troll IRL.
HIF about being an adult
My reaction reading Craigslist posts looking for roommates
MRW I'm out to dinner with coworkers and immediately after one coworker finishes discussing the issues she's faced as a black woman, another coworker chimes in to say that our coworker is nothing like most black women.
Well, that's the last time I'm asking my boyfriend to get my pill for me
MFW I get an email regretting to inform me that I'm declined for a job I applied for in 2011
It's past midnight, and here I am with spicy wings, cheesy bread, and a chocolate chip cookie pizza-pie
HIFW I get the job I really wanted
HIFW my SO tells me some girl at work almost broke his hand
HIFW it's finals week and I have my period and now I'm sick.
My boyfriend sent me a photo this morning tell me it reminded him of me and I thought everyone could appreciate it. [Possibly NSFW, butts]
MRW I'm playing Sims and everyone ends up dead or pregnant
A short comic on lipstick. Thought of you ladies.
My Dad passed away nine years ago today. HIFW no one seems to remember but me.
HIF spending five minutes each morning fastening the underarm area of my tank tops to my bra so that my goods aren't spilling out.
MRW I'm putting handsoap on my armpits because I forgot deodorant this morning and someone came in the bathroom and stared.
HIFW I finally get my therapy appointment through after 8 months of waiting!
I work at a spa, and volunteered to let an esthetician "practice" a Brazilian on me. I've never gotten a Brazilian before.
Me trying to fit everything that reminds me of my ex in a box.
MRW when after straddling and giving him a handjob, he looks at me and says 'Were you pretending that was your dick?'
I am trying so, so, so hard to repair my relationship with my abusive but well-meaning parents even after everyone's told me to give up, and they just keep responding in their hurtful ways and triggering panic attacks. Trolls, I really need a hug.
MRW my friends refer to themselves as being 'soooo OCD' about something, not knowing that my palms are bruised and calloused from continously checking that my door was locked all morning
A pair of trolls. I need both of those sweatshirts.
My emotionally abusive ex is trying to get back together and I'm about to give in. I'm so disappointed in myself for even considering it. T_T
MFW I realize my ex password protected his login on MY wiiu so now I can't use his save data to play 200cc MarioKart
HIFW I start applying for a part time job on top already working a full time job and being one of my grandma's caretakers.
This troll knows the difference between a sincere compliment and an "I need sex" compliment
HIFW some titty sprinkled butthead uses my pseudonym I use for every other site and my artist alias, here for their username.
When you masturbate loudly because you're certain your roommate is out, only to find that he is, in fact, at home. :(
MRW 10 weeks after I stopped breastfeeding, I finally got measured and given my new bra size of 36G (formally 34E)
I found myself saying something exactly the way my mom would have said MRW I realized it
Wonder woman issues.
THIS kid could conquer the world. 40 years on, wish I knew what it felt like to be her again.
MRW I realize that as much as I don't want to, I probably need to go to group therapy. I don't want to go, but I can't keep being angry and sad all the time.
I woke up to drink some water in the middle of the night, and I accidentally ate a whole pizza and a cheesecake. (I thought you'd appreciate this ecard!)
MRW I find a blood clot the size of my big toe in my menstrual cup
MRW I tell my boyfriend that I love him for the first time and he responds with "I appreciate that."
Looks like it's going to be one of /those/ summers
HIFW I haven't worn a bra in a week
For all the sad and happy Trolls; it's Friday, dance with me, cause we are the best! Love you &lt;3
M(gay friends)RW a guy who is obviously on the downlow says "Ain't no bitches been around and I need my dick sucked" while we're buying booze at the store.
MRW my mom buys me a wine holder that holds 36 bottles. Wine dosnt last long enough in my house to go into a holder.
MFW an old man orders me to stop flushing my tampons down the toilet even though I'm not and never have.
MRW when my friend reveals he knows my reddit username and has been reading all of my posts AT MY WEDDING. Hello, new Reddit account.
MRW I haven't heard back yet from the people who interviewed me
MFW I'm watching "How it's made", and then an episode comes on about sanitary pads
MRW when I'm talking about how many clothes a baby needs and some guys start telling me that stay-at-home mothers are lazy and I (unmarried, childless) should think more about my husbands happiness.
Am I doing it right?
HIF when my now ex "broke up" by simply not responding back to me... 4 days ago
MRW I pull a muscle in my thigh mid-orgasm
MRW I find another Troll IRL, and then he acts like a major creep an hour after I post about it.
MRW tomorrows my birthday, my dad surprised me by coming home this weekend, and my best friend gets home from university tomorrow morning. It's lining up to be a pretty damn good birthday :)
Shark week hunger led me to go over my daily calories by 150 (which is much less than normal shark week eating)... after much deliberation I have decided that this counts as a victory. M(brain)RW after deliberations...
It hurts so bad
I'm a huge lurker here, but I chuckled at my own aggressive white board drawing I left for my boyfriend, and I thought I'd share
Best accomplish so far after being unable to move one after a year.
MRW I'm asked if I've lost weight.
MRW my sister changes her Netflix login without telling me
MRW some creepy drunk asshole is hitting on me then my boyfriend tells drunk asshole "dude you're out of her league, back off".
MRW I spend literally all day on Reddit and didn't even play the Sims like I wanted to on my day off
After last night, my friends and I have decided that Wednesday is going to be Wine Wednesday aka Winesday!
MRW when I'm on my fourth day of my clean eating diet, and all I want is a piece of toast and PB, or really anything at this point.
A male comedian's shtick was fat shaming when he was opening for two female headliners. It felt really good to shout, "Do something funny!" when I had enough of his ignorance.
MRW a student says "Suck my weiner!" and says I can't write him up because he didn't curse.
MRW my SO is at a bachelor party all weekend. Ladies I'm trying my best not to let my imagination run wild!
I procrastinated on a (kind of) big research essay all semester. I wrote the whole thing this weekend, just as I got slapped with crazy flu-induced delirium. MRW I check my grade and see I didn't fail... I got a perfect score!!
I created a whole new account just to share this (other was not always SFW) but Trolls... I JUST GOT ACCEPTED INTO MY FIRST REAL GALLERY JURIED ART SHOW!!!!!
MRW the "Doctor Who" pickup line I used actually WORKED
When I start to realize that the person I'm joking with IRL about illuminati mind control is actually dead serious
MRW all my friends are getting awesome co-ops and internships and I can't even land an interview
MRW some woman comes up to me and my BF's table while were are having lunch, and starts to flirt with him like I'm not even sitting there.
MRW I decide to comment on a post from the front page and am reminded, after some shitty PMs, why I post primarily on this sub.
My grandma put this on Facebook. One of us. One of us!
I'm not ashamed to say I'm guilty of this lol...
MRW my ex keeps texting me asking to be friends when every time I've tried to play nice I've ended up being made out to be the literal scum of the earth. Yeeaahhhh, no.
I found a screen shot from a convo a girlfriend and I had a couple years ago. Thought you Trolls might like it.
MRW I read the /r/WTF thread and see people defending pedophilia
MRW I get out of the shower and find an inch long nipple hair. WHYYYY
How I feel when the IRS finally withdrew the taxes I owed and I have $3 in my bank account.
MRW my darling trollx friend says "I am currently unsure which way gravity is facing"
I think most of you ladies will appreciate this music video about a "nice guy".
hifw I'm 6 days from finishing university forever and I can final have a social life and hobbies again.
Raunchy period facts have me like
Trolls!!! I am gonna be an aunt in less than 2 weeks!!!
MRW I stumble into a youtube channel devoted to mansplaining
HIF after watching a few episodes of Animal Rescue Cops
MRW sole contender on OKC turns out to be Poly/Open. I am just not wired that way.
MRW My house mate replies "No." To my offer of picking her anything up from town. Do people not say "no thanks" anymore?!
The struggle is real.
HIFW I finally get the hang of washing my hair only once per week
My husband's reaction when I tell him women can get Toxic Shock Syndrome from tampon use. He'd never heard of it before.
HIFW my relationship is ending and I realize I don't really have any other friends
Trolls, I just found an old voice mail from a friend who died a few months ago...
MRW I wasn't wearing any makeup, and a girl in my class tells me I have beautiful skin and eyebrows.
I love this. Both for the picture and for the ladies standing up for ladies. YES!
MRW my friend tells me that if I decide to leave my SO, she is going to date him...
MRW a girl in class does her does her final presentation on feminism, and it's clear that she got all of her information from tumblr and doesn't really know what she's talking about.
When something smells like cat piss but I'm too lazy to find out what it is...
HIFW I just had a huge talk/fight with my SO and we agree we're both scared and depressed and don't know who we are. We love each other, what happens now? No one talks about what happens now.
MRW I proudly finished a Chipotle burrito and am now going to eat a full slice of some ice cream cake yummm
Alright, that's it. I'm tired of being a grown-up.
MRW I see Ewan McGregor and Josh Gad cast PERFECTLY in Beauty &amp; the Beast
HIFW I have a huge exam tomorrow but I can't concentrate on studying
Only one week until the sexy man I love is back in the country, after six months apart!
MRW my husband tries the Kylie Jenner Lip Challenge
MRW to a conversation I had with my sister in law. She lost her baby. I'm devastated on my brothers behalf. Rachael knows the feels. Were not sure how to tell my mom.
MRW I have awesome sexy times on the top of a fifty foot cliff
Sending my dissertation to my committee like
Today's my day off from work. I plan to be very productive, Netflix willing.
Trying to do pilates with 3 dogs in the house
This immediately made me think of my Trolls. Anyone seen it? 'Frisky Business': a TV series abut an online sex retailer, LoveHoney makes sex toys more accessible and less stigmatized for women (and men). Bonus: the staff is mostly badass females. Double bonus: available on Netflix.
HIFW I've been binge-watching Daredevil, and get to ogle the perfection that is Charlie Cox's butt
Here is my unpopular opinion... (more in comments)
MRW the guy I like parents say he shouldn't bother with me, he can do better...
In case any trolls are struggling tonight like I am &lt;3
MRW I wake up the day before my 21st with a GIANT zit on my chin.
It's Shark Week. MRW I see bread. All the bread. Every bread.
HIF trying to survive the last two weeks of the school year living with a floor of people I can't stand
Fitness blogger/YouTuber Cassey Ho on brutal public opinion and personal happiness
MRW when finals... but classes are done for Spring!
MRW I have an early morning interview tomorrow and may have a teeny case of shingles......hooray.
Trolls, what are you watching right now? I'm home alone all weekend, I need a new show.
MFW a girl I work with says "I'm only friends with guys because girls suck!"
HIFW I announce to my office that I'm leaving in a few months to start in a PhD program halfway across the country.
MRW it's Friday at 5pm and the 3L wine bottle is full.
HIFW I call the cops on a dude who's harassing a woman on the street, blocking her path, etc.
MRW everything at the beginning of a project goes horribly but the end result somehow turns out decently
HIFW it's the day before Shark Week and everything is making me simultaneously furious and horny
MRW I discover my labia went numb while I sat with my legs crossed too tight. This is gonna--OW!!
HIFW I realize all of my final projects are due and it's final exam week and I got just got my bar prep materials.
The uterus deities decided to give me good blessings today. YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
Man at the bar tells says I am beautiful... but would be more attractive without a Masters degree.
Way too much of my job is me doing this while I wait for compiling.
MFW I have a final worth 50% of my grade in 5 hours, I've already had diarrhea, and I feel nausea coming on.
How I know I'm with the right guy
HIFW I ate too much food before bed and have run out if Tums. I feel gross now
My mom is kicking me out of the house because she thinks I'm a loser who doesn't want to work (not true, well the second part at least) and tomorrows my 21st birthday. HIF
Winter just came back, but the university shut down all the residence heat then replaced it with AC. It's snowing. My nose is running indoors. My leg hair is standing up so hard that it hurts. HIF
MRW when my boyfriend grabs me from behind and whisper growls in my ear exactly what he would like to do with a few of my orifices...
My uterus's reaction when she hears me cheerfully telling my boyfriend that I haven't had a period in months due to my IUD.
HIF after going to the comments section of an infographic about how the wage gap doesn't exist and all the comments are about the data being biased.
MRW I realize that my insurance was cancelled BEFORE I went to the ER last year...
HIF after a full hour of cackling over the phone with my long distance bff.
MRW when my friend tells me my eyebrows look really good
MRW my SO made front page of Xtrolls after I showed her the gd sub.
Girl's got guns... (xpost r/unexpected)
MRW after filming loads of videos to start my YouTube channel but discarding them as rubbish, I finally make a good one I'm pleased with, go to edit it, and realise I have REALLY OBVIOUS lipstick on my teeth (bonus points for the fact I wasn't even wearing lipstick in the video...)
MRW I consider applying for a social work job again, then remember human feces on my face, being strangled/hit/kicked/bit, and working 17hr days &amp; every single weekend but *still* not meeting all my responsibilities.
That was not a trustworthy fart...
My fiance's RW he said he wanted a bigger chest and I replied "Don't we all"
I get really into the TV shows I watch. Particularly Grey's Anatomy. MR/HIF pretty much every Thursday..
I just broke up with my emotionally abusive bf, mfw I keep yoyo-ing b/w happy/sad.
Found a new reaction gif for y'all [x /uh pics maybe? I forgot]
When you run into some douchebags wouldn't it be nice to hand out these?
MRW redditors humble bra their karma or threaten to downvote me. IDGAD bout karma!
Realized I still had my winter coat after I dressed for work this morning.
Any troll app developers?
M(Body's)RW when I am PMSing and counting calories
For the Trolls going through finals week...
The true love of my life.
MRW I hear about the new Bill Cosby accusers
I feel like someone at my local bookstore really understands...
M(internal)RW I realize the cute guy I'm talking to at the dog park is actually Jake Gyllenhaal.
MRW someone tries to mansplain to me and I, in return, inform them of the inaccuracies in their mansplanation.
My dad died last week and my depression is spiraling out of control. My narcissistic mother isn't making it any better. I desperately need help.
MRW I try to poop in a bathroom that is never crowded at work, and someone walks in mid poop.
How TrollX'rs drink.
M(initial)RW I encountered a Prop 65 warning label for the first time today.
MRW I'm sad that my iPod died so I can't listen to music, but then I remember my phone can play music!
MRW we finally hit our savings goal to live the dream and move cross-country
MRW I visit my small home town and some girl I haven't seen in 10 years is still talking shit about me for no reason other than her life sucks and she never did anything with herself.
Troll Movie Night is tonight @ 6pm EST.
Shark Week just started and accidentally close the door my cat's tail.
HIFW after suffering a fall at work and waking up to the start of one of the worst Shark Weeks I have ever had.
MRW someone asks me if I'm donating my hair. Cause, y'know, the only reason someone would have hair past their shoulders is to donate it...?
This sketch from Comedy Central made me think of this sub
HIFW I finally found the perfect foundation colour after 5 years of trying so many
After reading a comment where someone says Bruce Jenner had a high level of testosterone as an Olympic Gold Medalist and didn't have this gender crisis then so it wasn't there his entire life.
Truth
When my BF writes me an IOU for 'one nasty bang, to include no less than; slapping, spitting, names and choking, to be delivered today'.
When the devil visits you.
MRW in less than two years i'll be in a new city, school, house, and living with my great grandmother
My first thought when a procatcalling redditor responds to my comment against catcalling with "Calm down, its not that big of a deal".
MRW I make a new reddit account and only subscribe to cute animal pics, food pics, and TrollX
Just quit my job, trolls
Woke up 12 mind before work, got the kiddo to daycare, still 5 mins late, didn't shower, washed hair in sink at work, starving, and my SO relapsed
HIFW I found this subreddit
HIFW I realize while charting my period, that for the fourth month in a row it will coincide with the full moon
Brother threw a fit, dumped Legos out on the floor. Needless to say, forgot how badly that hurts.
MRW I wake up with cramps and breast tenderness.
MRW people ask me why I'm doing a Master's degree after hating my undergraduate thesis so much.
MRW: I submit a comment on TwoX criticizing unrealistic waistlines for comic book characters that gets downvoted to hell.
HIFW I'm having a pretty good day and then my depression suddenly hits
MRW I realize that every damn time I eat chocolate I start to break out.
Trolls, I'm free! MR as I finally orgasm with a partner...14 years after getting out of an abusive relationship.
MRW a stalker dude in my class finds a reason to text me.
Are there any other Neo-Grungers out there? Here's an album (Bonus if you can guess which is me)
My Dad is practicing bass again and filling the house with music from my childhood while I browse reddit.
How I feel browsing r/ladyboners
I'm a straight female, but I'm pretty much in love with Anna Kendrick.
Life Hack
They wrote a news article about one of us!
Legally Blonde and Legally Blonde 2 are coming to Netflix May 1st. Who's excited??
Doctors hate her! (X-post from r/tumblr)
When I hear for the hundredth time: "Wow, you drive stick? That's cool for a girl."
HIFW I am waiting for my period to start and can't decide if I want to eat a cupcake or shawarma.
MRW I see the r/books thread about John Krakauer's "Missoula" and start reading through the comments
MRW twice in one week people at work tell me that my home-cooked food looks like literal shit and vomit, respectively.
I suspect I found a troll on Amazon!
Since I began cooking all the time, I've discovered new and improved first world problems
MRW i now have to pay 30-60 extra dollars to keep my modded Skyrim up to date because the authors are now charging for mods.
MRW, after finally creating a tinder, I realize my first name is uncommon when I suddenly get friend requests from guys that I left-swiped.
Michael gets it.
Obama is a pole dancer?
When you see an ex at the liquor store...
When I work around kids all day and have to find new swear words.
The man who I have loved for the past three years just broke up with me.
HIFW my coworker says "you don't need to wear all that makeup because you're already beautiful." BITCH, I know I'm beautiful. I do not wear makeup because I feel insecure. I wear it because I enjoy it!
M(Internal)RW I realize someone's been down voting every comment and post of mine.
Getting ready for bed and see a flurry of angry emails between my VP and RO about whether I fucked something up at work. And I'm copied on every. single. reply.
The way bae looks at you while you're surfing TrollXChromosomes.
MFW: After years of being snubbed by my brother &amp; mom, I see my brother featured in the local newspaper and realize he listed every family member except for me... and my mom posts how proud she is on Facebook.
It's that time of year ladies...
When my mother tries to tell me I am too old to love Star Wars as much as I do and I should take up a more "women friendly" hobby.
I haven't touched up my highlights in a few months...
MRW my intelligent boyfriend's parents ask me any question
I never really thought of it that way, but it's a great point.
Standard protocol for photos of women on the internet
M'trolls, I just busted this glorious gif out in elsewhere and thought it'd be espcially appreciated here. How YOU ladies doin' tonight?
Hubby is out of town, so I'm enjoying some me time. Thought my fellow Trolls might appreciate my plans this evening.
MRW my ex-boyfriend (who I still live with) starts talking shit to me and my ex-fiance messages me about how much he loves me.
HIFW the guy I like and I get together for drinks and movies and he tells me he likes me!!
Some terms aren't negotiable.
I think I've been watching too much porn lately. I'm stuck working late and can't stop thinking about improbable scenarios where I get to have office sex.
'Causes "bitches get stuff done!"
MRW another sculpture student and I are breaking our bronze pieces out of their mold and he reveals a figure of a woman with big breasts, a big ass, and a body so out of proportion and poorly executed it made my back hurt. I wanted to tell him how to fix it but
My former Ag teacher and FFA advisor passed away this past weekend. That woman has done so much for me. HIF at her funeral yesterday when it finally sunk in that I'll never see her again.
HIF when I have a major organic chem exam in an hour and I'm on TrollX instead of studying.
HIFW after I find a job and an apartment and my partner is the only person supporting me because my family had no faith in me
Fellow trolls, I got to turn myself into a man in my stage makeup class today. I have to say, I'm seriously attracted to myself and my manliness.
MRW my jam comes on during shuffle
Heard this on the radio last night, made me think of y'all.
Trolls, my body has decided that I need to get on the baby making wagon. My brain has not caught up. This is confusing.
MRW my husband gets home and I had a really boring day as a housewife.
I took a year to prepare for my dream college. MRW I aknowledged it won't happen.
HIFW My family gave me shit about my new glasses being too "statement-y", but then I see Tina Fey wearing the same exact frames on Inside Amy Schumer
HIF during my last stress-filled term at Uni.
MRW my mom keeps showing me pictures of kittens that need homes then she says that we can't take them.
You trolls will understand the inner conflict!
MRW I realized I've lost 10 lbs since I quit my job
MFW someone who is black tells me that "black people can't be racist" and proceeds to use slurs and say racist comments about my Mexican heritage when I was nothing but civil towards them
MRW a size 4 friend w/ body issues assumes that I have them too just b/c I'm a size 14
Did someone say cake?
When the SO decides to stick a finger up the booty without warning during sex, I be like...
Some guy on the train tried chatting me up, I didn't respond to his liking, which meant I was a cold-hearted bitch. MRW he starts in about how I'll be alone forever
MRW after three amazing dates in a week with a gorgeous man and a promise to meet again after I return from short trip, I have to let him go to the place where all men-who-don't-text-back-in-7-days-without-explanation go.
MRW a man approaches me at work and starts with, "I don't mean to be rude, but I noticed you have acne scars" and then proceeds to try to "help"
All girl group problems, period synchronization: Brand New Idol Society - BiSimulation
I sent one of my oldest best friends, a very heartfelt, partially handmade gift for her birthday AND two letters. And a card. And chocolate. MRW she just says oh thanks cool.
I need you independent trolls to teach me how to single. I'm freaking out right now. Freaking. Out.
MFW my doctor assumes I like sports because I'm wearing a "sporty" headband when really I'm just wearing a headband to cover up my lack of shower/hairwashing that day
MRW I'm on my period and eat something spicy for dinner... today was not fun, ladies.
I'm suddenly experiencing some, um...side effects...from my new meds.
I don't even understand how this is possible...
Well, that description couldn't be more perfect.
What my SO bought me for Shark Week. I love him so much.
Just friends
Just watched this character's last episode and I'm a little sad about it. I actually wasn't that into the show until she turned up. Posting because I've always thought she would have a place here.
MRW I look up from my computer and accidentally make eye contact with an angry looking guest who then immediately makes a beeline for me.
I've been feeling angry, hungry, horny and depressed in equal levels, and couldn't explain it, til Clue let me know my period was due. Explains alot.
HIFW I'm trying to eat healthier
MF after my older male Chemistry professor congratulates me on my grade improvement by booping me on the nose and talking in a cutesy voice
Trolls, I have a phone interview with five people tomorrow for a dream position. Any advice? I'm nervous!
MRW I missed my period last month and my period was also starting to get late this month, but I saw red this morning!!!
Me and my FWB when we realize he made me scream so much that I developed a cough.
I'm feeling a little blegh today, my period is kind of late even though I have all of the symptoms, and I'm not getting sleep lately. This is HIF today. Lord help me.
MRW my SO of nearly 5 years and best friend broke up with me tonight. Support is much needed.
I tried masturbating for the first time since the break up today.
Women in STEM Problem #528: Starting Period Unexpectedly in Class and Not Having Anyone to Ask For a Tampon
HIF when I have just finished a Masters degree in ESL then I learn the new state I moved to due to my husband's naval training has little job opportunities for me..so far unemployed for 3 months..I just want to teach people
MRW I walk into the bathroom at work and the stall still smells like the crotch of the person who was in there before me
Thinking about going back to college after my son starts kindergarten. Best case scenario I'd be a student from ages 31-37. This will probably be me...
It snowed in my town today, with more to come next week. I really thought we were done you guys :(
MRW I finally plucked and trimmed my Sasquatch eyebrows today!
Today has been a shitty day
HIFW the guy that I have feelings for tells me I'm gross if I don't wax and bleach my lady bits.
LADIES!!! My bf just got a great new job and we're going to Disney next month!!!
Small business that supports us trolls!!!
Seriously, its only been a week and a half.
This speaks to me. Please tell me there is an age where body acceptance will be bestowed upon me.
My reaction to everyone who told me I'd never find a job as an English major and as of today I have a job lined up for after I graduate as an SAT Prep tutor.
Last F**kable Day skit ft. Tina Fey, Amy Schumer, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and Patricia Arquette
MRW a guy reschedules a date with me (after he cancelled the original) then gets too day-drunk with his friends the day of.
I'm getting an IUD inserted tomorrow. I know I should be excited, but I'm TERRIFIED.
MFW I'm thinking about butts.
MFW I post about my shitty life here and I get so much love and support from all of you. It means more than anything, I love you babes &lt;3
To all the "we-are-so-in-love-after-two weeks" relationships:
After being jobless for a month and with a little one on the way I finally got a job!!!!!
What happens when college graduation is imminent, and my roommate and I have three open bottles of wine to finish off on a Wednesday
MRW I'm doing my makeup in the bathroom, and this girl sees me put on foundation then run a tissue over my face and says "that's not how you do that"
MRW my teacher asks what skills I have for a mock resumé
They tried to talk dirty to me when I had the flu. Turned out about the way you'd expect.
HIFW less that two months after a tumor scare, I've lost all vision in one eye and am being tested for MS
MFW I passed 1,000 link karma. I shouldn't be so excited. Love you Trolls!
MRW coworkers unfairly try to pin a problem on me, but I did my job correctly so they just look silly.
HIF the night before I start my big "stop eating shitty food" diet.
HIFW I'm told I am unapproachable and look mean all the time (rbf) and in order to get the job I want I need to seem more weak and feminine, instead of a strong powerful women. :(
HIFW I drive all the way to work then call in from the parking lot, and drive straight back home, because my cramps are too intense.
For my cake day I give you trolls HIFW I'm someone who doesn't wear makeup and I try to do my make up
HIF after I had to put my cat down last night, I got stuck 2 hours late at work today, and the guy I'm seeing cancels our plans tonight.
How fabulous I feel after 2 compliments on my shoes today! Sometimes it's amazing how much a small compliment can really change your day.
MRW when Tom Hiddleston totally turns me on. But, then again, so does Radar O'Reilly...
MRW When I'm moving with my fiancé cross country in a month, and we may not have enough money for the trip (his company reimburses first paycheck). Any ideas to make quick money?
I'm a first time home buyer. This is how I look while I'm reading through the loan paperwork. This shit is overwhelming!
HIF everytime I'm driving a car in a game.
MRW I'm in my bed listening to metal music and my roommate walks in.
MFW shopping online for bathing suits and seeing the prices.
MRW I put on a nice dress to attend a parent-teacher meeting with a dozen child specialists and notice a 2 inch tear in the bodice when I get to the school.
MRW my period finally finishes and I get the 2 weeks of pent up sexual frustration blossom in my head but I have to go to work.
MRW I haven't had a period in five months and it starts again in the middle of me losing my virginity at 24 to my boyfriend of like a month and a half, but he doesn't even bat an eye.
Had to invent a base 12 number system for a class about learning to teach math to elementary schoolers
MRW I'm starting a new relationship and a new birth control method at the same time, second guessing anything that might be a "hormonal mood swing"
"I Am Smart" I'm not sure smart was the look they were going for.....
MFW: Yesterday's interview went great ! They offered me a contract in less than 24 hours. Time to celebrate !
That meetup we always wanted to have....it's going to have to be in Texas. (X-post from r/news)
Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Last Fuckable Day
TFW I'm 26 &amp; have medical problems, the doc says I'm too young for a wheelchair... So I should get a WALKER instead
TrollX, thank you for helping me find Markiplier. Have this hug!
MRW the guy I'm seeing asks me why I won't say "I love you" when he hasn't even invited me to his place yet
HIFW the new guy I've been seeing is just as nerdy/athletic as I am and he revealed to me he is atheist too!!!
MRW when someone interrupts my "me-time"
HIFW I have a great new job, but all my coworkers are men 20+ years older than me
MRW I've had it with this job and they ask me to redo the forms one more time. They forgot something. I really wanna quit today...
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner called Black Widow a 'slut' and a 'whore' in a recent interview. I'm not happy with this - even if it was 'humorous'.
In Honor of Earth Day
FlexCam
MRW its shark week and I am on a diet
Make bubblies when you don't have bubblies. Magically delicious (and helps that bottle of wine last longer)
What happens when I have to explain something to my 85-year-old grandma.
MRW my bigoted priest says that "babies are slaughtered on the altar of feminism". I got grounded for a month for saying it out loud but it was well worth it
MRW both of my roomates complain about their period cramps that started today and realize that that means I'm next.
MRW I've having a nice day and one second later it's ruined and I'm crying and bleeding.
As a newly grad, HIFW I'm still waiting to hear from my Masters and cannot figure out what kind of job to take or how to sustain myself when I don't even know what's happening in September. Where I'm also moving from relative to relative since I can't go back home to my nfamily
HIFW I'm asked for opinions/suggestions for a website, then TOLD what they should be.
MRW I realize that (because of stress) my only real meal of the day consisted of ice cream in a red solo cup
My husband, initiating sex
April Ludgate is the patron saint of boring desk jobs.
The long, hard facts about dick pics.
Hey! I'm new here so, uh, here's a link to some video with lady parts in it!
I don't need this, but I need this. You understand.
Trolls! I'm going on vacation tomorrow, so my body decided to get ready for travel. I'm excited!
Surely it's healthy, there was carrots.
HIF about everything during PMS.
Creepy Text Theatre with Sasha Grey--AKA Trolls took creepypms and made a youtube clip show
MRW I'm watching Suits and I have a huge girl crush on Donna Paulsen
HIFW it's the first day of shark week and my gyno told me "nothing penetrative for a month, and that includes tampons".
HIFW I am about to take a job-qualifying physical fitness test as adult. Holeeee shniiiikies! It's like the Presidential Physical Fitness tests all over again!
MFW I finally snap at my SO who has been explaining every episode of Game of Thrones to me, despite the fact that I have read the books and he has not.
TFW you barely finish writing an excruciatingly difficult paper but completely forget to study for an exam.
My class's reaction when our corporate finance professor told us the final exam is not cumulative
I hope one day I can be this kind of parent. I adore this fictional family.
Everytime I introduce the SO to something in my fandom
Just paid real adult taxes for the first time. Wasn't that bad! Came home to a bill from the tax lady, a medical bill, 2 credit card bills, and my quarterly tax statement is due already.
Crashed my car on my way to a wedding this weekend, where I ran into one of my ex's who was there with a much smaller woman wearing matching hats.
MRW my calorie counter is showing me at goals and my scale is saying my weight has gone up.
When the customers at work call me pet names like "hun", "baby", or "darlin"
Please tell me my fellow nerd girls also noticed this!!
Just found the scuzzbucket whore that ruined my best friends relationship right here on Reddit.
MFW I realize my life is falling apart
"Last F*ckable Day" - BRILLIANT
Troll Birth Control Patch
HIFW I had a donut and peanut butter m&amp;m's for breakfast.
"5 reasons you should be helping your wife clean the house"
I'm a female sportswriter. MFW bros speak condescendingly to me about the NBA.
Took a half hour of work. Trolls, don't ever buy a toilet seat with metal hardware. But I did it. Story in comments.
Me everytime i take on a task that turns put to be more than i bargained for.
HIFW my adviser gives me another May deadline
MRW I watch the Lauren Southern video on why she isn't a feminist.
MRW my guest post on a blog is shared 10,000 times in 24 hours
MRW my boyfriend buys me yummy food for shark week.
HIFW I'll be going on my first date in four years tonight.
I've been feeling lonely lately because everyone around me places a high importance on Christianity around me. I'm confused about my spirituality and there's no one to just say, hey, that's okay.
Troll Movie Night!
MRW when I've been up sick since 3a and people ask me to think at work
MRW I came to back to my car to find someone had hit it and drove off without the decency to leave a note.
Internal MRW after 5 dates the guy finally held hands with me and gave me a super long good bye hug
MRW it is currently shark week and finals week
I come to reddit to laugh not to feel!
Decided I would have an 'at work' reddit account. MFW this username isn't taken :)
Another exercise inspiration
MRW I've spent the evening relaxing with TV and a bottle of wine, get up to go to bed, and smash my empty glass with a bare foot.
HIFW I get a Brazilian wax and my "landing strip" is actually a floating goatee.
I'm doing my taxes tonight and I've been dreading it
HIF after I write a 17 page paper in as many hours
MRW I walk into a perfume boutique for the first time in a long time
Strong women don't give a shit.
Usually, I'm a straight faced unemotional robot. Then the TV decides to show a baby show and a puppy show in the same night.
MRW after waiting 8 years for a promotion at work, and im told the paperwork will be ready mid May!!!!
I just got attacked on my way home tonight down Mill Avenue. MRW my post on my neighborhood page telling everyone to be careful turns into an older white man "reminiscing because he's totally that guy who would leer at women".
Recently broke up with bf because he's moving to Hawaii and I just couldn't rationalize sacrificing the continental US to be with him...but I miss him, and basically wanna hear how you married Trolls decided your SO was the one? (I wanna wallow in real life love stories pleaz)
Thanks to what I've learned on TrollX, as a dude, I was ready to comfort an insecure ferris wheel on Twitter...
MRW I receive leaflet from nationalist, anti-immigration political party. But when I hurriedly consign said leaflet to a small corner, face down, by the bin, and deny it entry to the rest of the house [in case my carpet catches racism as my SO said]... was I myself being xenophobic to the leaflet..?
Went grocery shopping at the Grocery Outlet ($150 worth of food for $80!), made steak, drinking wine and hanging out with my cat listening to big band swing music in my STUDIO APARTMENT where I officially live ALONE.
Found this weird image on Getty Images. But the more I looked, the more I could relate.
after months of trying to make schedules align, HIFW when I finally get my MFM threesome
MRW my date cancels on me because he met another girl last weekend and didn't think it'd be decent to go on a date with me.
MFW my brother texts me complaining about how he's grossed out by dissecting a frog in middle school, while in college I'm dissecting dead humans and investigating murder victims' remains
I took up wood burning recently, so I made this sign for my house
I haven't had a full meal in over a week due to sickness, school and a lack of money. MRW my uncle took me out for dinner then took me food shopping
I'm not even ashamed.
MRW I'm feeling awkward at a club and my hot friends are like "oh, just go like this, it's so easy!!"
Story of my life.
I wish I wrote this. Come get me, demon bros.
MR(as a trans girl)W my wife is poorly so I cook and look after her for a change
After being down voted to hell, I thought I'd share the text about masculine communication styles versus feminine. No you don't have to have a wang to identify as masculine.
MRW my boyfriends co-worker tries to set him up and I have to go into his job because I have textual evidence the boyfriend is innocent and the coworker ends up suspended.
MRW I'm describing to my Gyno why I need a refill on my prescription for BV medication (as someone who gets it every few months)
HIF living in Mississippi where a church just spent around $100,000 to build a huge, metal, light up cross "because it's going to save so many people".
I hope I didn't step on any toes, but I made a new sub and I'd love the kick-ass ladies here to inspire more hilarity and get it started:) r/GirlCode_mtv
HIFW my husband tries to get me out of bed in the morning
MRW I am lurking my husband's reddit and find him defending women and explaining feminism in a thread about car shows.
Truer words have not been spoken...
If Girls’ Boobs Problems Were Guys’ Balls Problems [x-post r/bigboobproblems]
MRW I finally get the nerve to go to a local knitting circle after two years of letting my anxiety stop me! It was awesome!
MRW when I look down and see a spider in my cleavage
MRW I have a SECOND period this month and I'm seeing my LDR SO this weekend. PLEASE END.
I know it's not a period joke, but I had to show you lovely trolls the video the nonprofit I work for released today. (And yes, I love my job.)
MRW the ridiculously handsome pharmacy tech tells me that my insurance doesn't cover Retin-A because they said that at my age most people use it for anti-aging and not acne.
My job contract is up at the end of June and I've been told three times today by various people that it's not going to be renewed as it has been in the past. HIF about how short staffed they're going to be five of us leave within two weeks...
I asked my bf to tell me a story to get me through my workday. This is what he sent me:
When I sneeze during the start of a 2-hour meeting and can't remember if I actually put in a new tampon or not
HIFW I wake up, realize I'm now a single woman in her 30's who has to be 'professional' outside of work.
I didn't have my tweezers...
We volunteered last night for an online television auction. MRW my coworker refers to our shift manager as "Bossy."
HIFW Dudebros use personal anecdotes to "prove" that gender inequalities don't exist...
Hullo, Trolls!! I just joined snapchat! Who wants to be snapchat buddies??
MRW I'm having a perfectly nice conversation about our favorite TV shows with another redditor and he suddenly gets aggressive about the time I take to respond and starts asking for nudes
Guess it's time to shave.
MRW a great guy wakes me up by kissing me and I don't have to do anything until much later and it's a gorgeous day AND it's my cakeday
MRW a woman stopped this morning to tell me that using a garden spade would damage my uterus.
MRW I haven't shaved for a month and kind of like it... I still feel pretty and less self-conscious about my appearance in general!
I feel like we'd all fit in at this company.
HIFW I get a Tinder to casually date and I get matched with guys who are sooo out of my league!
I finished my army service yesterday! This sergeant lady is on her way back to civilian life!
Shopping on your period
Yep that looks about right
Sounds about right.
Historically, my booty has been... petite. Started working out and eating more and now my butt is eating all my underwear
MFW checking out my BFs ass
MRW I'm watching the men's rugby finals. I may be ovulating...
Tweets by Rebel Wilson. One of us, one of us...
HIFW my curly hair is on point for once and I didn't mess up my makeup, knowing with this humidity it won't last all day.
It was my first time using a vibrator in over a year
MRW my gynecologist gives me sample packs of pills so I can avoid Shark Week during my wedding
MRW my best friend busts into my room at 8 in the morning to surprise me with mimosas on my 21st birthday
HIFW I discover that vaseline is like rubbing magic on my bone-dry dull skin
HIFW I realize my new bra/new bra size means NO MORE BOOBSWEAT!
MRW my period comes thundering along with no warning while I'm wearing my favourite pair of underwear.
MRW I'm getting Taco Bell! But they messed up my order. Twice.
MRW my fiance sees the Treat Yo Self episode of Parks and Rec for the first time and says, "we should do that!"
Being shy really sucks
HIF trying to dirty talk.
When your jam comes on while grocery shopping
MRW my mom says she understands why emotional and mental abuse are a thing, but she thinks that physical abuse is worse.
HIFW when my mom's health is rapidly declining and I'll need to start caring for my younger brother soon, but I'm living abroad, haven't finished grad school yet, and the dissolution of my marriage may be inevitable.
MRW my SO has the flu and I'm trying to be nice and take care of him, but a full draft of my thesis is due this week.
Today I came out to my Anatomy &amp; Physiology classmates as having the biggest dick in class.
Surely I am not the only one. I don't get everyone's obsession over them
HIFW I see all these posts on this subreddit about meeting the perfect guy and the closest relationships I have in my life are Netflix and Donuts.
HIFW My period shows up on the same day I'm supposed to get a colposcopy After a bad pap. Cooperate you stupid uterus!
MRW during a discussion about feminism, I made a statement about enjoying sex, to which someone suggested that I was unfaithful
MRW I finally try on my new bra size for the first time thanks to /r/abrathatfits.
HIF that Wednesday my FWB and I are going to get freaky deaky
MRW I found out that the pint of ice cream I ate last night was recalled this morning for Lysteria 😦
How I feel trying to take off my bra while wearing a cardiac event monitor. So many wires and straps.
MRW guys assume that because my bf is tatted up and muscly, he's an asshole and try to use their Nice Guys tactics on me
ORW I get a raise AND my long time looking friend gets offered a job on the same day!
For the first time ever, I'm having a stimulating and intelligent conversation with a guy on Tinder, but I'm so clueless that I have no idea if he thinks I'm attractive, or just likes to talk.
HIFW I stop letting my anxiety control my life and I go take my drivers license test... I passed ladies!!
HIFW this fucking bird is chirping outside my window from 1am-5am all this week, driving me crazy.
I have a wide range of very stimulating hobbies. I swear.
I've been miserable at the worst job I've ever had for months. While walking out of a meeting detailing all of the new (negative) changes that are about to be implemented, I got a call with a better-paying job offer with a way better company. MFW.
i started AND finished my shampoo and conditioner at the same time...
MRW I'm getting ready and I sneeze right after applying mascara.
When you roll out of bed and leave the house still wearing last night's winged eyeliner and someone compliments you on your makeup
MRW when my shitty abusive ex sends me his thousandth friend request after deciding that he needs me and can't live without me.
I happened upon this story while looking through the news this morning. I thought maybe some fellow trolls would be interested.
Think about baseball! Golf! Cold showers!!! ANYTHING!!
I found out I'm still young enough to apply for the work/travel visa I wanted! This means less arduous paperwork, and my dream to travel abroad and expand my career is a go!
MFW I forget a tampon and finally get home and see my panties
Any other Russian TrollXers here? Hello? :D
Bae Goals
MRW I realize my dad doesn't want me to come live with him at his house even though he knows I'm miserable at my mom's house.
When your (poorly-done) nail polish matches your pencil. #justgirlythings
Our reaction when our super great/smart/stunningly hot/all around great coworker takes a job at a different location.
MRW I only got 3 hours of sleep but I signed the papers and am now hired for a job that pays more than my last two combined!
MRW my FWB complains when I'm too tired to give him a blow job.
I have nothing. I just wanted you all to have this magnificent catbeard.
HIFW I get home to take the nap that I've been fantasizing about all day
MFW I have crippling social anxiety and just went on the first date (I think?) of my life.
I feel like you guys would appreciate my sister.
So...not anytime soon then?
HIFW I know I need to move on from the ex I'm still in love with, my depression has come back full force, I've been bleeding for the past twenty days with no end in sight, and finals are right around the corner